Good vibe tribe .
beware #pmjohnkey .. . maintain distance from #Modi .. . modi is a natural deception master an a thug .. . he will loot #NewZealand
Angry young men sir ji
Girlfriend 's Guide To Divorce is the best replacement for SATCH binge watching .
Ajay thakur , woww this is why kabaddi is gaining more popularity than cricket these days . 40 minutes of thrilling sensation & India are world champions .
Virat so nice player yar what fielding nd batting also keep up virat
va stept cu drag
U shud feel lucky . If I was ur friend ... id have snatched the bedsheet and rode away .
India had really emerged as a leading nation under the Dynamic leadership of Mr. Modi . We have to rule the world in the 21st Century .
Vryyyyy happy bday sir may sai Saba always protect u .
Vi Kal 29 Tarik 100
Bhaijaan plz 1 reply
Aamir bhai suspense behind ur movie .. we are waiting , salman or shahrukh ko phir se maza chakha den
@hinduwarrior15 If only you are register to it . But its terrible live stream there coz they show 5 or 10 mins late
virat is the best parson as well as cricketer in the world .. . and no one can be like virat kohli in the present era .. .. because he knows very well that how should handle a critical problem in the pressure situation .. .. and finally i wanna say that kohli is best .. .. .. Er Mohd Nadeem .. .. .
More power to you @Shubhrastha Bash these pseudo seculars and commies even harder . They deserve no mercy . They are sick from the core .
Jag ghumaya thare jaisa naa koi .. . u r the best Virat luv u so much SULTAN of cricket .. .. always make us proud .. soon meet u cheeku in ranchi .. .. . : * : * : * : * : * luv uh
Dhoni will play back 2019 to bring world cup our country
Yr life is amazingallthough . Admit u have towork v hard spend hours
@myogiadityanath @Manekagandhibjp @noida_authority please release their funds so these animals can get the food and medical care due to them
Love you Bhaijan I 'm super jabar biggest fan love You
@amitomsharma @meerasanyal No worries . I understand :)
Yeah @diljitdosanjh is big fan of yours @KylieJenner and i am fan of him . Do you know he is rockstar . I guess you have not noticed him ..
Yes ! we are waiting to see you on Ellen !
Hahaha . Good reply
@discreteindian Short pants mindset . Long on vitriol and short on grey matter
admin ab is pg pe post krne k lia kch aur nai bacha kya
@NavinGPradhan1 @malviyamit It 's still a very small gathering .. . but it 's ok hope there is a good fight from the opposition
Machis to joothe badnaam hai aag to Kohli ne laga rakhi hai very very congratulations virat
You have done wonders for India and for the moral boost of the Indians ! You are so GREAT , Modiji !!
There is kohli show in mohali ground the run machine 150*kya kholi sir bnna pata ha
Salman Ji You are My favorite Hero forever
Para emprestar de cricket defensivo jogar deu a agressivo rebatendo & isso ajudar tanto india
Priya gi sorry in the no play option happy good night
Am I looking at a politician here ?? Nope .. I am looking at a leader of a country who is making it easier for the people to know the difference between politician and leader .. A leader , the people 's choice ..
test should be who sets the class on fire the fastest
Who says ab devillers better .. . I think virat kohli is the best batsman in any formats in the world .. . .. Raise your hands if you think virat is the best .. .
wao kohli and dhoni
Our goodness Russia with stand of india we have to need Russia alyays escape us .. .. we need not dare to any country itihaas gvaa hai
kyaa comment karen big bee ke liye mein unke samaksh baunaa mahsoos kartaa hoon
Love to salman bhaijan
Bhai aapne kah diya bas ab to ye movie bhi dekhna he
@LloyddDsouza Hi , we have made a note of it . We will get back to you .
@phantasmagothic I am sorry this happened to you . My friend faced the same in front of our college . Other friend faced it at marine drives .
@roxannebamboat Can share many recipes . Going the keto way ?
namo ke bhasan se to esa lagta hai
Best Possible remedy to resolve unmetered Power Supply #Saubhagya #Gujjubhaikadimaag
Sirji i have watched the trailer of MS DHONI : the untold story more than 30 times and i am still watching it . You are the best .
Modi ji sir aap ka jawab nahin par putin sir bhi lajawab hai . waqt aane par America line badal sakta hai par russia nahin . kabhi bhi nahin . Russian pak ke pass ja ke hame ehsaas karva reha hai ke hame bhoolo mat aur hame bhoolna bhi nahin chahia .
why dont people understand the difference betwen a confession nd a question ? anyway to answer ur question .. because we dont need to impress anyone -_-
Our PM is Lion , we are proud we are Indian my PM Modi jee is one of the king maker , ( JAI Hind bharath maatha kee jai jai Hind jai ho Modi jee jai Hind bharath maatha kee jai jai Hind vande maathram JAI HIND
Salute sir . Jai hind .
#assalamualykum #salmansir mai aap ka bahut bada fan hu .. mujhe aapki har movie bahut pasand hai .. . #iloveuhh
V really proud of India rashia friendship
Hiiiii sir love you .. .. .. .. please koi acha movie leke aiyye .. .. . we r waiting !! !!
@scratchysingh It's like pados ka launda agar aap ko thoktaa hain aur aap ke papa taali bajaatey sabhaash beta bahut badiya ! Doh aur maar .
#DTD100Million stream itt now
Didi ( PC ) Do n't forget Bollywood , I am big fan Yash , you are best & best & best .
Modiji age bariea puradesh apka sath hai
Sacche hindu .. . Ye film flop kara ke rahenge .. .
Ederson is so impressive 👌
The visiting dignitary clearly irritated by Modi already . india can expect something negative from New Zealand as well .
end of an era but his voice will be echoing rip
Aamir khan ji aap meray favoroute actor ho mai bus ek baar apkay pairo ko Chuna chahta hu or apko gale lagana chahta hu yeh mera dream hai kyuki aap jaisa talented actor or aap jaisa acha insaan puri duniya mai say dhoodhnay say bhi nahi milega plz mujhay ek moka dijiye ki mai apna dream pura kar saku
The message would be farther reaching if made into movie ( not documentary ) & done all by women .. . written , directed , produced , music & whatever else goes into getting movie done & distributed . U have the talent & connections to do this . People love to emulate their favorite movie/stars . Girl 's education reality could be changed in just 1 generation .
A modern woman always is n’t one fighting for her rights . Truly modern is one who keeps family above herself . For me Mrs Modi most modern
@GuptRogue @roxannebamboat Done !
Hi I am emraan tum friend ban jao mere
Yoy take any decisions we support you sir and we proud and respect you
Always cute and lucky . and Always forward from other people .
#314 : Life sucks , and then you hook up with someone who doesn't ...
I fully support Swachh Bharat Abhiyan .
They say whre there 's a will , there 's a way but I dont see myslf a Twitter celeb cos noone RT my tweets -Aisa underrated tweeps ko lagta hga
U r tite priyanka
Im daughter of himalayas you are son of mugal badshaha but met in comment
mutual masterbation for win ..
Hi salman u never work with depika padu because she is egoistic person and your fans do n't like her u work wit Chinese actress in tubelight we like it and love
Rooftops , moonlight and music
Arun Lal- ye dekhiye Mohit Sharma ko ; kis tarah chhalange mar ke gendbazi ki shuruvat karte h . Maza aa raha h unki balls dekh kar #IndvsSA
Hello bhai kese ho
Jai how indo Russian relationship modi sir .
You are the hero of our nation .. .. we are proud of you .. .. always try to continou it
Ka ho bachhan ji ab dusro ko bhi kamane ka moka de do bhai . Age dekhiye apni .
Dhoni superstar cool aur world ka best captain
Looks awesome in this video !! !! Super lady !! ! ( BTW change your profile picture , looks awkward with smile and dress , not good !! )
@RailMinIndia there is no update for 12430 at NDLS . Departure time was 11:25 PM from starting point NDLS .
Awsm click Atul Yadav
maine to subha hi bola tha ☺ .. aaj 100 lgega .. . aur dekho result apke samne hai
Guod boy enn guod lied
abe ja pehle sorry bol k aa
Yes DHoNI is BesT PlayeR in ThE WorlD Bcs He 's a CooL MaN .
hathi chale bich bajar kutthe voke hazar
Seculars think India is dumping ground for all world ` s dejected people #RohingyaHafizLink
good job for this person
@vandana_7 @PMOIndia @narendramodi And wat about rape
India ne toss jita matlab 50%macth jitt Best of luck team india
bevkoof ladke ye confession page h ..... autobiography nhi likhni h yha ...
Smart boy . In my eyes you are the best player in the world . you was , you are and you will a best player
Jay hind jay bharat jay kabaddi
Wow virrrraaaaat wow .. .! !! thanks alot fr being such an inspiration !!
@Surreal_sarvesh Plans ?
Sir ye baatein itni aasani se samjh mein nhi aati . Jab Hum practically iss dor se gujarte hai toh """" Sab kuch saaf jo jata hai """"
@IndigoLFC Firmino needs to be replaced .
Mere hi shehar k pass rehta h near dehradun .. .. .. .. .. ..
@RanveeriansFC counting on fingers tomm wednesday one day to go
Chiku Bhai aap en logo ke question pr mind Mt krna , bsss aap apna match apne dil or dimag se hi khelna ok bro ! All waiting your
Happy birth day to u amitabhji Gujarat vapi
u r a champ .. bt aaj to dhoni ki bating dkhne meI mzaa aaya
Oh , this is sad , in a week of so much sadness ( David Bowie and Alan Rickman ) . I liked Rajesh Vivek very much .. . I always thought that under that tough layer was a gentle soul -- as was revealed in both Lagaan and Swades .
@RiteshBaranwa10 @motorolaindia Expecting update on low cost phones is n't fair , especially something which comes with Mediatek .
Tumne apne words ka insurance to krvaya hoga na @ Komal Singh
virat pls jaldi mat kra kro thoda tik k tumhare bina jeetna ab mushkil ho gya h india ka .. best of luck
#298 : There was this girl who always visited H13 , to meet guys ... once near powai lake she told me that she lived with guys in Delhi for a year but she never did anything with them and still doesn't know how to kiss . I don't believe that . What a bitch ! Guys beware of her and never get sentimental if she talks to you ... I think she's lying .
@SPN_Wrestling @WWE A . Pinfall #NoMercyThe13th
Blade Runner 2049 could n't have found a better press agent than Indiewire . Brave of them to champion the 185 million dollar underdog .
awsm bhai apke naam ki movie ho or hm nhi dekhe aisa hosakta hai ky kabhi nhi best of luck bhai love u bhai
@AsYouNotWish Oh yes , he is that person .
4mintat 840 likes khup chhan
Sir ji good night
Sir festival season me train time pe nhi chlti . ECR . bahut problem hoti he bihar jane ko . Pls help
@JBAFilmTV @ShanChristopher Eager to watch the Field ..
Saurabh Bhola tu hai na :P
Well played Virat in test series now keep it on in odi and nice looking man .. We r proud of you keep going
jo jo single hai page like kro !! !
Sir ji thanks u r great
There is every chance I will lose faith in humanity if someone even dare touch Prof . Kancha Ilaiah . #IamKancha
same here bro same here ..
I still can n't believe u reply back .. .. @MKBHD quality tech youtuber : b
who ever true desh bakths support this please fight with your state to dispose the nuclear waste produced here becos the so called electricity produced is used by all the other states too
Best of luck . Virat .. .. .. , n u r great batsman , play well n my whishes with .. .. . Virat love u
HAHAHAH WE ARE DONE FOR THE NIGHT
do not talk politics here , when one points finger at another , three point at you
health tips by dr monikaa
@zebpay I read one article by sandeep .. I think zebpay behaves like a broker not exchange .. . I am sure one day zebpay will close
Another Glorious Knock By Run Machine of India . Today well played by Virat Kohli . Today he played fantastically . Aise hi Khelte Jao India ke liye Virat Bhai . You are the best cricketer in the world . Good Bless You
Jai Hind Best Pm Best India Best Modi Sarkar Hai ? Best BharatKi Army Fir Keon Nari Pe Atteyachar Hai ?
Your other half seems to in the influence of jihadi group stop her or stay away from her .. .. .
Holy fuck , so unlucky .
Chita ki chall , baz ki nazar , aur virat ki batting for sandeh nahi karte , kavi vi jeet dila sakte hai
varun anand onion is cost more than a bear
We wanna want a double century from you at feroz shah kotla stadium #delhiboy !! !!
@WatsonTirajoh @City_Watch Defensively weaker than Danilo ..
Is n't Kors a homo
@aliasshivani @aliaa08 I did n't know that she is in Delhi . No at that time I was also having my Unit tests n even I was off from Twitter
Nice sir Amitabh Bachchan ji .. is a joy
Definitley The 70mm show will b very entertataining & with his life time experience & memories about his intresting film journey Ur Dad will rock the show , U r looking cute in each & every pic from Ur Ladakh schedule while shooting of Ur film Tubelight , Ur interaction bring happines , always b happy :)
Happy birthday amit ji sir
i want to share 1 topic
Russia is India 's congenial partner . USA is an evil hypocrite power like China . Both backstab when they see their first cahance .
But u looking gorgeous #Chopra
@herlavishhustle she ai n't made for konas . she 's made to be the centrestage . :p
As Per Mr. Aamir Khan fasting for God is wrong number ( #PK ) but I do n't know why this self-styled social reformer has shut his mouth on Triple-Talaq . Why women empowerment brigade is silent . #UCC #Bycott_Dangal
Well done PM John Key .. .. for getting New Zealand on top of global league of 189 nations .. .. I hope and wish all the best to PM Modi India Team that they can do what they have aspired to achieve for Ease of Doing Business ranking
with makeup or without makeup always cute . and looking very cute in blue #PC .
Rocking hai , looking forward for the trailer of Freaky Ali & launch event , hope will b entertaining , U r looking cute in pics from the shooting of BB promos & Splash Fashions , U r very dedicated & always do everything with great perfection , b calm & cool , U r bestest :)
#344 : I've cheated in class assignments , cheated in quizzes , cheated in mid-sems , cheated in end-sems , cheated in my BTP , and currently cheating on my bf . He has no clue .
Dear Prime Minster Mody A while ago thieves attached to our home and collected as much as they could but when we reported this to the district police , they ignored this case and requested money for triggering their investigations .. we deeply disappointed from this state of affairs .. we are Afghan students which study in India universities , we hoped that studying in India would be much better than studying in Pakistan through two counties relations and friendship however the way police offices in india behave badly with afghan nationalities which makes no difference between Pakistan and India .. . we are looking forward for better behavior for Afghan nationalities in India .
@Nitisha_Kashyap If I am pseudo bong , you are pret aatma 😨
Mather chod u have so many money give some to poor people u all rich people be like that only
When I see shikhar dhawan is playing for India and he is a star batsman then I stop watching cricket .
Back side haath mat rekhna .
@akshansh_mishra Bt its too costly bro .
@trollabhakt I see a timestamp , content and url ( profile ids ) sql injection ? Json or what
Ajay thakur rocks . Congrats team India .
"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""" Conflict is inevitable , but combat is optional . """""""""""""""""""""" ~ Max Lucade #Peace #Quotes """"""""""""""""""
@nidhi_delhi Do n't worry about how others look like . Know that you are the best ! 💓
Super Bhaiya . .. very nice Jai Ho
porn dekh rahe kya bhai :p
He dhoni land your helicopter on these paid
@AwesomeANTJAY okies .. But WL be difficult to handle so much hotness 😍😍🔥🔥
DADA ji I Love HA
Madam gi beautiful hair look
A positive attitude will lead to positive outcomes . #WednesdayWisdom
Maja nhi aya yr ek tarfa raha mukabla itna kam total tha ki virat ka 100 bhi nhi pura hopaya .. .. But grand salute to my icon #Virat__kohli the ultimate run machine respect man respect the chase master .. .. .. luv frm #Nepal
Waaa amir jeee m fan ho gaya
@jayeshdewana12 So why the government not kicking them out ?
U take our resources and Tamil ppls effort , but u fail to give water from Cauvery ..
You would have been best Army officer as you are best cricketer ! I love you more in the uniform !
Sir Get NZ to support the ostracizing of Pakistan . NZ dont like nukes n those who use it to threaten .
That's not cool buddy ...
Current time in New Zealand is Wed , 27 Sep 2017 09:01:47
@flipkartsupport Unprofessional people .. Amazon will screw you one day if you do n't wake up on time
@Uppolice @noidapolice @ghaziabadpolice Police is looting on NH24 from truck drivers resulted traffic . It 's shame @UPGovt
Sir app se personal baat karni he
Yes i like dhoni .. .
<3 Song : All of me <3
bsf mar te ja raha hai . or tum yeh sab karke gad mara rahe ho
@sardesairajdeep While listening to Kishore Kumar think about my suggestions to u . Ur post retirement options 👍
Desh ki pragti ke liye iss prakar ka interaction jaruari hai .
Aagyq poster bhai ka
@LTGWest @ArmyChiefStaff @SecArmy @usforceskorea GOOD ONE
tum ple aisa mat kro , tumhare liye bahut difficult hoga apne ghr mai batana bt u hve to do tht ple .. tum cmmnt b nh pad rhe hoge , ple admin aapko toh pata hoga ye kaun h aap toh kuch kar skte ho isse phele woh koi galat step le please ... thts my rqust ple
we want frreeeeeeedom from india . Get out from punjabbbbbbbbbbbbb modiuiiiiiiiii stupiddddddd
@itsbisha @honeybunnymaahi @lve_mom @sweety_rukhsar @taher07 oye balle ballee .. hurrahh ! wohooo .. yeeeyay ! i am mad completely !
@keeperofthekeys Very zen
Delph was okay but did n't make any overlapping runs with Sane but its normal as its not his natural position .. . We 're going to miss Mendy
Good luck sohail bhai
Bhai aap bhi ho film me to maza aajyega .. !!
me sochta hu log itne talented comments kaise marte h ? :-/
happu birth day sir .. .. kabhi allahabad bhi aaiye .. . bahut kadra karte h aapki yaha k log .
Hi salmankhan my dream see you I am irani I go to India for you please give me answer
Very nice pic ms dhoni
@DudeStufftweets Holy shit where is this ?
yrrrrrrrrrr movie kon dekhne ja rha hai .. .. mai toh nhi jayungiiiii . just bcz of Anushka Sharma
@nidhify Praying that it actually works for me ! Either India Today or Times ( Wasim Bhai) !
Kabhi indian things bhi chek ki hoti bina dadi ya muchhe k koi ni milega tumhe
India pm sahab good morning modi ji , iam mahesh kumar verma up india shahjahanpur .
@buffer A7 : Stories . I 'm craving to find time off-work for them . I need to know if I 'm good with them . 😭 #bufferchat
King of King 's Bhaijaan Jai ho
Having a cup of tea , gonna sleep
Waiting for it bhai
Great job . PM sir , Modi kurtha even to xi ? Let him not gift it to PAK . As a true Indian I appreciate your straight talk to Chinese president on NSG & Massod issues . I salute you sir .
Nation is proud of u .
Salute :: Joy Hind !!
@therajmailasi I can see your voice .
Great deal Narendra Modi ji S-400 will boost our security and our anti missile power , thank you !!
Acche se Dekha Aapne .. .. .. ?? ? Sabhi """""""""""""""""""""" BRICS """""""""""""""""""""" leader 's ne """""""""""""""""""""" Modi Jacket """""""""""""""""""""" Pahan rakhi hai , """""""""""""""""""""" Modi """""""""""""""""""""" rang main kya khoob range hai saab .. .. . wahhh dekh kar maza aaya .. .. .! !! Aab """""""""""""""""""""" Khangressi """""""""""""""""""""" bolenge iss main bhi """""""""""""""""""""" Politics hain """""""""""""""""""""" .. .. . """""""""""""""""""""" Murkh ye nahi Samaz payenge k Iss pehraav main """""""""""""""""""""" BRCS """""""""""""""""""""" countries ' ka """""""""""""""""""""" I for ( India ) """""""""""""""""""""" k prati support ka ek accha message hain .. .. .. . """""""""""""""""""""" Khangress """""""""""""""""""""" Ki haalat filhaal """""""""""""""""""""" Mughals """""""""""""""""""""" soldiers k """""""""""""""""""""" Gohodon """""""""""""""""""""" jaisi huyee hai .. .. .. Kyun Ki .. .. . Kahte hain .. .. """""""""""""""""""""" Mughalon """""""""""""""""""""" k """""""""""""""""""""" Ghodon """""""""""""""""""""" ko paani peete huwe bhi paani main """""""""""""""""""""" Chatrapati Shivaji Maharaj """""""""""""""""""""" dikhte the .. .. .. . itni dahshat thi """""""""""""""""""""" Apne Maharaj """""""""""""""""""""" ki .. .. . aur aab .. .. """""""""""""""""""""" Khangress """""""""""""""""""""" ko har baat main """""""""""""""""""""" PM """""""""""""""""""""" """""""""""""""""""""" Modiji """""""""""""""""""""" dikhte hai Itni dahshat khaa rakhi hai """""""""""""""""""""" Khangress """""""""""""""""""""" ne PM """""""""""""""""""""" Modiji """""""""""""""""""""" ki .. .. .. !! !! ( Kyun Ki """""""""""""""""""""" Khane """""""""""""""""""""" Ki aadat bahoot purani hai """""""""""""""""""""" Khangress """""""""""""""""""""" Ki .. .. !! ! )
@RajivMessage .. Sir , Why is n't BJP trying to End Government Control over the Hindu Temples ??
Boy : - I Love You , Tum Is Duniya Ki Sabse Khubsurat Ladki Ho Girl : - Par Tumhare Peeche Toh Mujhse Bhi Zyaada ... http://t.co/mNVsAUACmR
There is no ' struggling for her career ' girl in India , according to our parents , relatives and some ' high-intellect ' guys #maritalequality
modi real hero of india common gays we r all help to modiji
Gm sir j.j sa
What if this is a false confession !!. http://cdn.memegenerator.net/instances/400x/37410461.jpg
hello sis aap new york mai ho to plz ek kam kr do mera plzz .
Should we go for ' short term profits ' or long term ' sustainability and goodwill ' ? #TheEthicalConundrum #ISBRL @sreedhari_desai
Aaaargh ! this is sooo eerie ! . #329 used to be my room number . . . For a minute there , I thought something had happened to my room . . Its just plain weird ... that I'd still care ... after all these years !
beware dangerous pappu police is watching your comments in case we see you commenting against congress or rahul sir pappu jail is waiting for you
@saritashandilya #mekhlawings Bahut Badiya Sarita ji ... kaise hai aap . Pl meet my younger sister Pragya @pragya_as a GEM and a GENIUS .
@TwitterU When would the full-time application results be out ? #Twitter4Me
#PuneWeather 23-Sep-17 , 1:34 AM Scattered Clouds ☁️ Temperature is 23.6 ° C Humidity : 90% Wind speed is 6 km/hour .
Go for one more whitewose . All the best cheecooo .
@jyoti_harsh you never know , they might be some forgotten password ;)
I want to see KRYAN & ASHVIK PHOTOSHOOT 😭😔😩😍 OF TO DIWALI OR ANY TYPES PHOTOSHOOT ! ❤
So nice sir abhi
Manny2returns of the day sir ji
@yadavakhilesh Sir please get me hard money refunded from Social trade scam . Pls sir do n't ignore
If you watch some news channels , you 'd think only thing happening in India is Hindu Muslim conflict ! Guess economy ai n't an issue for some ! 😄
@miakhalifa11 You understand anything but I love you very much
Tension mat lo dosto .. thode din baad iska break up wala confssion bhi ayega .. pakka ..
Treamer ko 1 no . pe karke thoda tream kar lo yar .. .. usme or better lagoge .. .. and all the best for ODI N T-20 Series
@mmp1171 We are debating that , what they are instead of asking to make peace in Myanmar .
Love you Bhaijan I 'm super jabar biggest fan love You .
@SirSunnyDeol Awesome
Hi VK I 'm your biggest fan and I like to watch your batting on Tv you are really the run machine and I want to join RCB coz I play the same like you .. . A jabra fan of SRK sir and you from #Pakistan .
#StarBestSeller one of best series of #indian #television by @StarPlus
sir ji up sa bat karni thi jaruri
This message can be disseminated among the teammates whose bad performance results into defeat . I think only Virat instilled that in him .
@BTS_twt loving someone you 'd never meet is not a bad thing , its just a prove that love is not in sight but in HEART
muslim sudar jao abhi time
I dream meet . Modiji
Ye hai videsi sunny leyoni
Priyanka you are really so talented and immensely versatile you are just tremendous I am very lucky to have such multi talented lady in India you are awesome if I was asked to describe you in one word I can n't because you are super se uppeerrr
whayer you salman bhai
Sir you are a great pm of india and we respect you good luck
@biz @jack 140 : Think & Post 280 : Post & Think Plz let it be 140
Salman bhai khiladio me jajba bhar do . Do u hv plan for dis .
@zedblackin Ans . B ) Lion #Zedblack #Contest
@menakadoshi good time to play OMC stocks
Kuch naye plant bihar mai bhi laga dijye . bihar need industrial plant .. .
hahaaaa police wali ki ladki ko ptane chala ta beta sasural kaisa laga
@RealKevinPalmer With Levy as chief negotiator , add 25M more
Very true :-P :-P dude lets form a group
Well , that sucks ..
dhwani jeevit rahti hai
Remember
Gud mrng pm sir Apko ekbr india m vacant rhe mbbs seat ke case m interfer krna chaiye Sb apne mann mani krne m lge h
@AMtouristerIN A8 ) True #WorldTouristerMonth
Is tem se behtar to gali ke bachy khelty hi jisy Wst indes k choti tem itna bura shikast day rhi hi Misbah ko mustafi hona chahy Shoib Ahtar
roller coaster fight . is good but lenght should have been more #spyder
Check out which ones we can n't wait to watch . .. . This is another movie that we totally want to see . and I really like sultan movie . baar bar na dekha to kya dekha love u very much ..
Tu sabka bap hai Virat we love you so much 2019 world cup ka hero tu hi hey God bless you make you stronger for cricket
@LFC Klopp can only coach tactics and movement but it 's the players who have to be clinical in goal scoring chances . So many missed today .
u came to knw dat ladies cant do susu by standing as we do !!
iit delhi fresher 2013 boys ,,,, iim kozhikode and iim ahmedabad mba 1st year boys ,,, iiml 2013 class boys ,,, iimb pgp 2013-15 boys check ur message in '' other '' . dont check message in '' inbox '' , check message only in '' other '' . ' other ' folder is next to '' inbox '' folder ....
@sardesairajdeep And an Indo-Pak war at its brink whenever i watch gaurav sawant on india today and rajat sharma on india tv .
@DylanFlaherty3 @faizsyed1995 @canadian_george @JamesPearceEcho I think hendo and coutinho were ok ..
yes she is god fearing .... but very fugly ! lo machaai ...
Sale pagal lag raha h agar tu mere pass hota to itne jute marta k match khelna bhul jayega
Waitinggg for it bae
Aap ki jitni tarif ki jaye , woh kum hai , bro . lekin ye yaad rahein ki record ke mamle mein aapko , sachin se aage jaana hai , all the best .
@akcrysis @Ajaharoczz So jao dono 😂
Ya india team played an osome match . khel bhi apna . bhoomi bhi apni . world cup bhi apna . Aspecting that india wll won today also
@SukaSycho Then it ai n't bad . If there is a balance between the financial structure then there ai n't a problem to begin with . 😊😊😊😊
3 days 😍
@BTS_twt you really did have a beautiful eyes the kind you get lost in and i guess i did
rip his soul a jewel on music s crown
Salman bhai lakho caroro ki murad hoti h apko live dekhna us me se ek main bhi , aapko ek bar dekhna chahti hu kya kabhi ye khwaish puri hogi , roti hu khuda se dua krti hu , kash kabhi aisa ho .
@h_boob1 Has he announced ? Another thakreys Ki story .. .
aise haar maanke kuch ni hga .. ya toh usi se baat kro about ur problem . .. ya fir khud koshish kro .. khud English me baat krne lgoge toh dheere dheere your confidence will build u :)
#257 : A beautiful girl , who is my FB-friend since 2011 , liked my status today for the first time ever . I am very^infinity happy . :) :)
Sir , UP , abhi bhi , Gaon ke log khule mei hi toilet ke liye jate hai about 90%
you are not cheating ... you are doing what you feel gud about ...
@S_Saeen Kind of . The real owner is a BJP supporter Member of Parliament .
@PKKHTweet Even while making assignments at college we cross check facts .. . this was so highly unprofessional from Pakistani diplomats 😊
Har jeet cheen le har se india wale .. dusaman ke chakke chhuda de ham india wale ... go go india #indvsSA
Good for India if defence deals finalize on ground .
#Jeet ka shikhar india world cup jarur jitegi kyoki bahut badiya team hai
Atleast they do n't have Lewandowski anymore 👀 #BVBRMA #bvb #RMFC #ucl
Respected sir , Dreams of development must n't take us away from realty and you know better what real development is . Can women be empowered only with sweats , tears , blood and lives of innocent men ? Does gender equality mean dominating males with powerful wives ?? Are there no abusive wives in India ? Why do n't you think innocent husbands have become mere rubber stamps in their wives ' hands . Please , Let men live with dignity in this country .
aab ke baad aaisi ya narendra modi ko haath lagaya to pura desh raste pe utar aayega ,
Now We can sayblue is hot
He iz one .. . &&& He izz one of The bst cricket mind everrr .. he izz the greatest of greatest love uu ms INDIA IZZ LUCKKYY TO HAVE A CAPTAIN LIKE UUUU .
dohni sir you are realy good person army s uniform this realy good to bowdy in fit you
Dangal ko dekh k ab sultan ki fatti padi h .. .. hahaa lol .. .. aamir hatsoff
sir please look after r s pura jammu sector people they are most important then all i eill only wish i happie diwali if they will live in their house witj peace and safety not in bunkers
Happy Navratri Big B ji .. . You are Great .. . Mata Apko Shakti De ..
#savejpwishtown Builders r happy 2 pay 18% in RERA for unsecured loan . I ’m willing to pay 48% interest if GOI allows me 2 go bankrupt in IBC
Super very nice sir ji good morning sir ji
Salman vai is a greatest actor all time . love u salman vai .. .. .. .
@RajkummarRao Keep the good work
All the best . Jai Hind .
@OLIO_ex We call it as pattal since ages
Really Sab Ka Saath Sabka Vikaas irrespective of cast & creed !
@SKMadrid19 @Marcophate With every game he has been playing since last season , he keeps on stamping his name on as a regular starter . 😀
Respected PM sir ! Remove fix Pay in Gujarat .. .
Modi Ji acche din kab aayege . Kya sirf tum Hindu hi ho abhi tak ek bhi baar Muslim religion picche padhe ho . Pehle apni wife ki chinta karo fir ham musalman behno ki karna Jo kaam karna tha wo to kar ni rhe triple talaq ko leke bethe hai . Ye tumhare kehne se ni badalne wala .. .. Samje wazire aazam .. .. I love India .. .. . I love you so much assaduddin owaisi .. .. .. .
Hon 'le PM sir , we feel very proud for making such a bold decision today . Making relation with both USA & Russia is not a joke . Last two years , Russia is feeling some .. .. .. when you are showing more inclination towards Mr. Obama , so a news came of joint military exercise between Pakistan & Russia . Now , today 's act will tilt USA towards Pakistan , so be aware of that . One more thing .. . you must keep in your mind for trade balance with China . Market is flourished with Chinese goods , most of these are poor quality , making our environment dirty & dustbin . Please stop it with immediate effect .. .
yes coming to our city
HAHAHAHHAH WHAT A FUCKIN MISS
Whattttttttt r u kidding me i would never do business with russia even . if they were the last country on earth FOR GODSAKES RUSSIAS GOVERNMENT IS CORRUPT AND HATEFUL AND MISSTRUSTFUL HONORABLE PM MODI JI I VEG U TO PUNISH PUTIN FOR HIS BAD BEHAVIOUR IN THIS WORLD WE SHOULD STOP ALL TIES WITH MOTHER RUSSIA #NARENDRAMODI #RUSSIA
Well done modi ji
u must accept ur love the way he is ... if he didn't forced u for anything toh tumhe bhi use space dena chaie n itni restrictions nhi honi chaie ... waise bhi mohabatein movie me kaha gya hai ki ... Koi Pyaar Kare Tumse Kare , Tum jaise ho waise kare , tumhe badal kar jo pyar kare , who pyaar nahin , sauda kare aur Sahiba Pyar mein Sauda nahin hota
bf chnge kr chnge kr liya ab usko toy frnd ki tarh use kr k yehi copy paste mar diyo galat baat h bhen yeh
I always like seeing these two leaders together . There is an energy in the atmosphere . There is sincerity of purpose . There is a noble intention for global peace . Above all there is a complete trust between the two leaders and the two nations . This is the definition of friendship .
Hi bhai ku6 reply to kro
Ms Dhoni : The untold story : -* : -* Can n't wait 30Sep #excited_to_watching #Dheeraj_Dagar
Dhoniii Waiting fo ur moviee .. .. .. . U r the best .. . India loves u .. . WE want you dont get retirement tilll the whole life .. .. Plz this is humble request from the whole India .. . And ur movie Definetly beat Salman .. shahruk .. and aamir .. . And we love u ms dhoni
SHAHENSHAHO KE SHAHENSHAH - THE GREAT MAN - RESPECTED SH . AMITABH JI - BELATED HAPPY BIRTHDAY - WE LOVE YOU VERY MUCH - SHUBHKAMANEY - VIRENDER KR ARORA & ALL FAMILY
U r looking young again . MashaAllah
Like if u think aamir bhai ki movie waaps box office ka record break kregi .. .
great mr modi it s you spirit for our nation
@apurva_hv I saw your video . God to see small \ cases are also been checked out now .
I will be waiting for that day Bhai
Ye movie superhit guaranteed hai .. abi apka n mera ek chota sa scene hai Barbar shop me .. . perfection ke chalte ap cut mat kr dena sir
@niyatis25 Best wishes !
@AmandeepReports sure , I have followed you back . let me know what the question is
Hi Amir sir u r my always favourite hero in bollywood i really love u but i request u in future what ever u say think before because we r Indian n i proud to be an Indian n good luck for future
Virat wo appki sheving thodi kam karo acchii nai lagti .. .. yekdum jyada long hogai
It is not a negative current of destruction , but a positive , constructive impulse towards the making of modern India- #AurobindoOnNationalism
We played quite well in 2nd half .. Sane greedy sometimes .. Aguero did n't had a good game but that can happen
Jwan pidhikilia kamto do khanikilia tomko milrha pija to eskamtlab nhi tomharejisa hi sbkhatihi flaetse khomtihi
Salman sir Kb Tk promote krnge inhe .. .. . some of are non talented can n't do acting .. .. .. superflops h
nic munna jitana time pic khichne me lagata uta practice me laga .. . i am big friend dud
Salman Khan bhaijan error to thik kra lo website se lol .. .
Amir khan khud ache insan hyn .. .. isleiy unki team bhi achi hi the .. .. . jin mein se aik out ho gia .. .. . ALLAH Amir khan ko mazid acha krne keliey salamt rakhe
Hi sir namaste ji .
Cholo 9th sep anedo
I lv watchn all ur movies , each always has a moral lesson n a strng story n feelin attached to it , my bst one is dhoom 3 ,, n my bst scene was where sahir n samar bth died , i actually cried watchn dt plce , so emotional plus d sng dt was played , gosh ! ur a great actor , i 'd lv to mit u one day
Whats your Talent ? ' Male/female Voice & Female/male Model ' for My New Project . Anybody join my team . Details Inbox Kardunga . Sent Me Request & msg your Profile Thankyou all Its King(kavish Bhardwaj )
luv u vaijan .. .. i always luv u vaijan .. . khuda hamesha apki saath rahegi vaijan
me aapki parti me jada kha leta thha esliy aapne nahi bulaya
People who enjoy meetings should not be in-charge of anything .. .
U JUST SPEECHLESS MY SWEETHEART
sale ne bola tha pk mera last film hay iske bad haz pe jaunga fir keya hua jhuta kahika uski biwi bolti hay india safe nahi hay to fir Pakistan jata nahi iyaha keya g .. . marane k liye hay ?? ?
Sir ji Kabbadi world cup jitha India ko aap kuch wish nahi , un logo ki liye paisa nahi , atliast suport bi nahi
@raiynestorm22 Yeah sounds good
Whatever , just tell one thing Mr. Dhoni .. .. Y Yuvi is sitting outside .. .. Fan is who like someone for some reason but a bhaqt is like all who praises you despite knowing you are the reason Yuvi , Gambhir , Bhajji are sitting outside .. .
after papa , mummy , stories now these jokes ?
@iamPk_I_ @katrinakaif Good night
u have also started doing same vote bank politics
bande hai ham uske .. haam pe kiska joor ummedo ke suraj nikle charoo oor erade hai fauladi himmati har kadam apne haatho kismat likhne aaj chale hai haam .. .. #lots of love/ great job
@SniperSpot @SansadBhawan @AkshayA80203737 @Ek_AAPtard @sanat397 Jhaadu se kaam nahi chala tou ab tujhe muli chahiye ? Gaand hai ya office ?
"""""""""""""""""""""" @rachitst """""""""""""""""""""" @iyerdeepshri : Mohit Sharma ko ek chumma : * #CWC15 """""""""""""""""""""" Chalo Kisi north indian bhramin Ki kismat to chamki """""""""""""""""""""" #racist :P
@Gendrago_Gaming @TeamKlownz @supercellgames @ClashRoyale @ClashofClans @Clash_with_Ash Thats gonna be pretty interesting 🤔
@Midlajj Appalaraju scored thrice vs Ceylon , home and away but the ha t-t ricks were three goals in a row , He did not score three in a row
hello ji how r u ?
Mukh se to sab bolte he par aap ground mai kar ke dekhati hao had salot aap ko virat
a lot of work can be done in a little time
Me aap ka bhot bada fen ho sir please send me a friend request sir pankaj sharma is my name ganeshji ke pick lagihe
Amir ji .. . Pakistan me film release Ji yea
@PacificCommand @PacificMarines @IIIMEF @US7thFleet @USMC @USPacificFleet @Amphib7FLT @LHD6BHR YOU ARE AMEZING
"""""""""""""""""" Learn to say """""""""""""""""""""" no """""""""""""""""""""" without explaining yourself . #goals #success #LifeLessons #motivational #FIFAU17WC """"""""""""""""""
Bhai wah , good long list of palindromes .
Valfi ki photo lag rahi hai .
3 jawan kill in one day aap kaha so rahe ho
Aaj Sirf Poster Aya To Musam Bigad Gya kAl Ko Puri Film Aye Gi #DanaLDeaRing #AaMir Avsm Pic
@Lufthansa_FCT So you mean to say there will be no more themed yellow ducks ?
@pehps_ First 2 yrs younger , second 1 yr younger and 3rd 4 yrs old
plz dhoni kuch kam ka nahi hai agar o team mai khelna chahta hai to apna khud ka gam khele muze koi aappati nahi hai
@Harry_Jerry Does one have to move from GM to public build to get further updates ?
Feeling so sad .. .. his character in Lagaan was so laughter provoking n plaudable though he was rarely seen in the Hindi movie . Industry lost an valuable actor n we shall miss him while recalling Lagaan . May his departed soul rest in heavenly peace n tranquility .
Salute the great man and great leader Hon Shri Narendra Modi Ji .
increase the Salary of Gram Rozgar Sevak ( GRS ) and to give Central Permanent Staff Status to Gram Rozgar Sevak ( GRS ) .
ghinoni harkat ka jabab milaga aam janta kbhi maf nhi karegi jay bharat ma
friends this is a new page for confessing all the mischiefs you done in your engineering ... some senti moments , some mental moments , some loving some fighting moments and lot more all things we can think of can be share here . https://www.facebook.com/pages/Engineering-student-confessions/678063268872714?ref=stream
bohot cool bhai bohot cool :p
Great job sir ji .. .
Why do we need to work in a group ? There is already so much human interaction . I do n't need more .
Bhai always you are great person Love you Keep doing great works
yr aakh khule ni or ye pd liya din he krab h
@PuneethBM1 Sm DII buying it agressivly . Nt retail investors !
Am I the only one who thinks rajkumar hirani looks like arvind kejriwal ? :3
Thanks sir ji and same to you
I love virat you are very very smart pata h mai kabhi kabhi sochti hu ki sorry kabhi kabhi nahi hamesh ki koi itna smart koi kai ho sakta h
Haamze ki goli . Rangon ki holi Aur batting me kohli Poore India ko pasand h
Virat kohli you are best
@JediPro Crap app , not able to add my bank
This is my daily prayer for suffering of rapists and rape apologists .
I love you my hero i am too libra , happy birthday tum geo hazaron sal my hero
bdw 3rd yr m h to trix ka xam kaisa gaya .... :p
@Jatinku62033008 @aliasshivani @aliaa08 Sureee ! I will make a card n will write everyone 's name in that
@FarOutAkhtar @ABPL_GROUP U trully deservs that , u 'vr amazing .
very sad news , but you said it right sir ,
@republic Why Republic is publishing this news !! Dissent is not allowed in ur dictionary na ?!
Please come To TURKEY
Firmino you asshole .. ..
@mehtanisha48 Dm me
Missing the fragrance of freshly plucked flowers in morning , the evenings filled with the scented incense sticks and hawan pooja #Navratra
70 ' #LFC substitution - Sturridge comes on in place of Mane .
keep it up
#231 : To the 4thie bitch who comes to LCC , talks loudly , farts around making noise , you're doing a mass RG ... It's not cool .
India will win the series and will not allow porkistani 's and begaradeshi to celebrate diwali
@ravikulkarni5 @INCIndia @divyaspandana Haha .. . remember People are king !!
@dilipsingh629 @ZeeNews @sudhirchaudhary Rohingy Muslims terrorist eaten the Hindu men 's body by killing
I love u sallu
An open invitation to guess which one of these is me ;) daaru and pizza will flow without stopping when I ; m next on campus ( for a few hours at least ) ~ Ed [ PS : I have never mentioned whether I was a girl or a guy , so happy guessing ]
I wish hum mil pate
Is it just me who thinks Everytime it 's just the same performance . A piece of brilliance followed by diabolical defending ( or vice versa )
Congratulations my India team
@sonlafbukucuu Evet . I agree . She is very graceful too .
actually ur out was the turning point in 4th one day . So pls play carefully . Waiting for your 27th century greetings from Kerala and Good luck virat .
Very nice salman bhai
An eminent panel of #HSE experts spoke on increasing incidents of #natural #disasters and means to counter them #GLOBALHSE2017 #Hyderabad
@BTS_twt i 'd never meeted you but your still my first and last thought everyday and everynight
#dontendswabhimaan #saveswabhimaan #WEWANTSWABHIMAAN @rajcheerfull @colorstv please change the time slot instead of swabhimaan
Yeah ... life is tough in mi politics . Consider it a prep for corporAte work life
What a physique amir has built for his upcoming movie dangal hats off 2 u man evry tym mr perfecionist comes up with different things he luks brilliant how much hrd work he has done for his phisque love u aamir bhai
Hello salman khan jii
A theory about Hinduism is there are no gods at all but humans who did good deeds are worshiped as gods .
Happy Birthday Amitabh Ji .
Bs kuchh Dino ki baat hai cricket k sabhi format me India ki taraph ek hi Inshan ka name hoga Vo hai Kohli .. .. .. . Kohli ka sabhi format me captain banane ka time aa gaya hai .. .. .. Kohli Yug ki bigul baj chuka hai .. .. . Grt chaser #finisher
Those are very happy destined to live in Darjeeling . What a Lovely place .. .. I always love to go there . Live Happy , Make Happy 🙌🙌
Happy frndship day sallu bhai ♡
Sir app please aja ka day may Kush raiyaaa my riqu .. .. .. .
Salman khan , shahrukh to kuch bhi nai ha apke saamne lagta hi nai ha k ap in ki age k he we are waiting for your move #dangal umid ha #raees aur #sultan ko ye movi peche chod degi .. .. wishing all the best love u #amirbhai
Katiiiii jaldi kar deee holll perrrr
Yes Sir . Very correct your presumption . So we will follow your advice . Thank you Sir . Sir wish you a very very Happy Durga Puja .
ajay is the man of the match
no one can be better than kohli in terms of chasing .. .. .. says ganguley
Good luck to Laxmirani Majhi
That 's d beauty of Hinduism p 'hps n its glory .. dat we r allowed to have r chosen Gods to worship in r sanctum sanctorum . My god is private
hey bro .. i know .. that u r encouraging all sports and games .
@vivekagnihotri @SahayPrakhar read if it satisfies u
: like :
La javab kiya kehena bohut khub
@taslimanasreen After being ex-muslim
Expecting 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 , 10 and make sure of kill the people over there and destroy the coastal animals
ye lokh ko kya , culture nehi ? nikhil ko kya ma behan nehi ?
@MileyCyrus Declare her the winner already ! I 'm really hoping you win this season with Brooke ! ♥ ️ ♥ ️ ♥ ️
leader to congress main bhi aaye par unko is pariwar ne theekane laga diya
Kallu FC on fire today . My club .
@KhanKiTigress .. But toss to pak nay jita ,
Movie toh mastt hai Dekhne wala bakwasss
tuk tuk zindabad
Shi baat bole h AAP . We love u sir
God gifted man big b
one possible reason which I can think of is that my VPN server datacenter is using Airtel as ISP . ( my VPN server is self-hosted in India )
He is already pissedOff ... even before getting in !!! Wow ..... LoL
Cricket ka folding koi be karsakta lekin India border may feelding aur bating karneke liye bada dil dam desh bakthi pream etc hona hai
@xIN_8 @keshav_10 Rajaji got us both confused 🙄
@sardesairajdeep You r wrong . only Hanipreet is the main subject for country oh no for news channel 's .
Congrats guys .. .. enjoy .. .. u made us feel proud .. .. .. . jai hind .. .. .
#241 : I like a girl in IITB ( friendzone case ) but I am passing out and she aint ... I want to tell her but she always tell me stories how she laughs at all the guys who propose to her and how silly they are ... I have only 6 days left in the institute and now it is killing me :(
Nafrat phailana bahut aasan hai doston .. label an entire community as terrorist sympathiser , who cares about jobs/agrarian distress , no ?
@Canoopsy anytime in future S8+ /S8 giveaway .. tried luck in all giveaway but still empty hand .
Sir ji super Gentlemen . God blesh jou Sir Ji Jai mta ki .
Jai maa durga . Hallo sir .
sir Aap jara bhi chinta mat kijiye u r hood going i m proud of u my prime minister
@LoganPaul U got Lamborghini with jake ??
@OH_IND #CelebrateWithOrganic Join guys @sunitakatyal @hetalrawat @misty_basu @Miss_Moody7 @TazyeenKhan @tofarzeen
@sumanthraman is the same kind of narrative played in TN for karuna what was played before Balasaheb death news . @sanjayuvacha ur views
Ek Pagli Ki Yaad . . 1 ladki apne professor ke kamre me gayi aur boli . Ladki : """""""""" mai pass hone ke liye kuch bhi karne ko tayyar hun . Professor : """""""""" kuch bhi ? . Ladki : """""""""" haan kuch bhi . Professor : """""""""" to pehle Continue reading .. .
Nobody said it was easy . No one ever said it would be this hard . Take me back to the start ?
\ """""""""""""""""""""" fill it with all sorts of girls\ """""""""""""""""""""" . . WTF ?
Rom ! What a great start .
I love this movie Asalam o Alaikum sir Please answer dena sir :)
Kudankulam is aur ek nayi kadham Nuclear Energy for peace is our Slogan Nuclear Accord may further strengthen economic ties nd prosperity brings light to every Home
Bus issi ek tag line ki wajah se chappp gaye aap ke bhi 200 Crs .. .. . Best of Luck
@__naveenkumar @OfficeOfRG Now experiencing one man show . A true example of Raj- shahi .
This #Morkel wicket looked like #Dhoni telling one #CSK teammate to get bowled by another CSK teammate .. Ye IPL hai ya #WorldCup2015 BC
yaaar tussi great ho
So nice sallo bhai
and fap fap fap also
Virat .. . M goona to change my name vivu to virat .. .. Hands off sirjee .. .. Keep calm guys .
<3 DIL-DIL-PAKISTAN . TK <3 ( ^^^ ) CAN YOU FEEL IT ( ^^^ ) PAKISTAN ZINDABAD <3 <3 POWERD BY | <3 | Mehdi Rajput | <3 |
@hstapanghosh A peculiar breed of ostrich linage
If you think love will drive you mad .. . Try loneliness
. Prove yourself to yourself not others .
Mulla CM Ahmed patel Or our own ?? ? Rohingya IN Gujrat Aur BJP IN Gujarat ?? ?
Hii great hero bast captain Indian team God bless you keep it up
All the very best All family pm modi ji sabka sath sabka vikas swachh Bharat sundur Bharat jai hind jai Bharat
#214 : Yesterday I did something really bad to my roomie , but confessing it in public will only make my roomie realize how he was made a fool by what I did . and I won't be able to do the same thing again . So ditch . :D
Mr . modi Chain 's Not accepted World Power Member Shame on You .. ! And this is just you 're dreams BETA India .. !, From Pakistan
Your one step toward the improvement take better dissension in favor of billion hope .
Salman khan kyu apne baapu ko hero bna rha hai
Not happening is it #LFC
Finding all cards are close to impossible . @OnePlus_IN @amazonIN
@devnamdev99 @RoflCritic It 's vikas we are talking about not vikash .. ..
#258 : For all you tharki junta out there ...
If he 's not scared of you , then you are doing it wrong . 🖤
Excellent work in the global interest under the leadership of our Hon 'ble prime minister of india
You always make your Nation proud . #MakeIndiaProud Hip , hip , hooray for #ManishSRawat ! #RioOlympics2016
un sabko maine or meri CID team ne hi ander dala ha :)
"""""""""""""""""" Hey twitter , let us do away with the """""""""""""""""""""" delete tweet """""""""""""""""""""" option . Will help us follow """""""""""""""""""""" think before you tweet . """"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""
#318 : I am graduating this year . Four years ago , as a reward of clearing JEE , I was handed a letter called IIT Bombay which contained all the secrets of success . All that was expected of me was to open the letter carefully and learn the content . . . I shall pass it to one of my juniors . Sealed , unopened and unread .
Congratulations virat sir , fantastic win ,,, #kitna bhi bada chaje ho , virat kohli ko bhej do .. ..
Dill mera jacy koi dish antena tha . Free ka bhi koi channel atha he na tha
ladkiyo ko non virgin hona chahiye ... virgin to mobile bhi hota hain
Me is admi ka boht bada fan tha . B4 he gave dat irrspnsbl statemnt of intlrnce .. . nw he iz duin a chrctr vch iz my name 2 .. . i hop he undrstndz dat derz nthng lyk intlrnce in india .. .
Really big salute for this pic and bringing these world leaders under Modi coat . :) This pic speaks a lot .. .. of your intentions .
Sry for use this language but Maa kasam kya pic . Hai bole toh 1 dum faadu #Aamir_sir ap ki baat hi ku6 or hai ap ke saamne baki sb pani kam hai ab pta chala apko mstr prfcnst q bolte i salute u sir .. .
Forget
Sale Mather chod give some money to poor . People wasting money on useless thing
luv u sooooooooooo much sallu
@MAHAJANACHAL The same will reflect in your account as per your bans refund cycle .
@sardesairajdeep @narendramodi Shame on journalists like you . This country will never ever forgive journalism of your types .
Drawing the amazing Priyanka !
Looking forward to Sep 30 - your biopic . You 're a real life superman .
Ye sab umesh ke wajah se hua Na woh single leta Na bhumrah strike pe ata
bhaijaan aaj humara bday hai !! ! Can you just wish me once and gift me the biggest gift of today ?? :)
#311 : I hate all these morons who comment on confessions like they understand what's going on despite not being from IITB .
create it , you are in govt , who is aksing you not to do ? why the hello you are talking like opposition dude ?
Hi sir Good evenings sir app sachha he ka ha ji ahbe ee hona chaheye.ee si vakatha amm karna ee padega . sir .
Mr. Modi Ji Sir , you are the only leader so far who made the whole World to look back the India and to recognize the India . GOD BLESS YOU ALWAYS for your health and success Mr. PM Ji .
hit likes if u think Salman is better than Srk and akki :) Dunsh Gour
I am not impressed this deal(manufacturer in India I 'm impressed ) modi uncle
Osam sallu bhaijan luv u .. .
#299 [ M2K ]: In the winter of ' 99 I came up with a brilliant plan . My wingman and I would walk up to any 2 random chicks late nights and tell them we are from the campus security cell , anti-leopard squad ... And as it was our duty to ensure the safety of all outsiders , we got to latch on to and hang out with new chicks almost every day of MI that winter , and we got new numbers every day of MI . In 2000 we expanded our leopard protection service and we started targeting IDC babes ( at that time those were the only decent quality women around , and in any case H10 knew us very well ) . And why did they fall for this ? We had printed fake ID cards with IITB-LPS on them ;)
Mujhe yakeen hai Aap team ko 2019 world cup zaroor champion banaoge
KatMarcellin this I gotta watch
Very hot and sexy
Is that a UFO taking off ?
Can n't dream of Bullet TrainWhen at NDLS Station , Train has not yet arrived for departure , Its schedule departure was at 11.30 pm @RailMinIndia
jo ye padh raha wo page khole or like kre !! !
I love u team india
at first tamilnadu peoples should be surelyakanum
Sturridge have just missed 3 points der like Firmino with penalty last match day .. just sad story and excused for us every game #LFC
Precious life for the nation , this uniform is great , too different between circate and diffence
Mind blowing poster .. .. . All the best BHAI
Amir u r really humble and humanitarian person . I am also a big fan of you . I am just waiting for your upcoming movie dangal .
nice song jg goomya
Sandeep Chandhola Kaha Hai
modi is not a leader he is just a fanatic crazy person . .
@zartasha_maryam aaj ka din asha gya mere liye pehle India jeet gaui then aaj dophar me aaram se sone mila , and aaj office pe bhi no kaam
@rs3273756 True . Already many morning shows in few cities are houseful .
Hello sir i talk with important
Sir aap aur kiran ji ne cuntry chodne ki baat ki thi kya huva sir
kuch bhi kar lo modi na rukega na jhukega
@Ahmadbilal111 😂😂😂 Drop it .. Stop giving me lame suggestions 😒
Sir aapka her andaj nirala hai
@NupurSanon Yes ur different
advace me aapko happy b 'day sir i will waiting for 11 october . . For for celibrate my b 'day . . :)
@panktic Tarot Confirms the Balance coming your way in your Love life . All The Best 😊 ♥ ️ #FreeTarotReading
congratulations bhai for India 's win and you batted really well
Hey idiots plzz come back yar .. .. . Soo love you .. ..
ASK HIM ABT EASE OF DOING BUS As they r 1st ranked in tat and v r Lt behind
Thanks sir aapko fir akbar
@Localheroin What makes you cry ?
very sad news may god rest his soul in peace
ha ha ha ha
he was my favourite Character in Lagaan . and I also loved his acting in Swadesh aswell , he was very energetic actor . RIP Rajesh Vivek .
Happy Birthday Amit ji .. .
bhai thu kamal ka hi ,,,, tere jaisa koi nahi ,,,, proud to be as ur fan .. ..
I love you so muchhhh
Russia has been our most trust worthy and well wisher partner . We should enhance our relationship with Russia . They have helped us when no one else helped . Thanks Mr prime minister and thanks to Mr. Putin for visiting India . We welcome you to our country .
king of romance srk bollywood has been entertaining us for the last 100 years
Pleasure to watch you there .. . We are really proud of you Sir .. .. You are inspiration for all us .. .. and I m ur Jabra fan .. .. well done n keep it up All the best for tommorow
Dhoni the super hero
@Vivian_DsenaWeb @VivianDsena01 Praise her Mom Dad .. .. .. to the manufacturing department 😀😀
@TheQuint . com wish u could also contribute and have concerns for rohingya hindus as u had for rohingya Muslims #RohingyaTerrorExposed
neki kar dariya mein daal . tujhe khush hona chahiye k teri wajah se do person us seat ko use kar paaye
Coming with something really big . 😊😊 #Entrepreneurs #TuesdayThoughts #TuesdayTrivia #Motivation
The pact between Indo-Russia on 2 0-0 9-1971 ended after 20 years . And the pact ought to be renewed by adding new born problems
U r grat ji
congratulations to all teams
Kasam seek time tha jab sachin sir ki dhum thi aaj esa hug he jisme aapki dhum he ese hi khelte rho aur India ko tap par rkho
@BaeSssniperwolf Thanks for telling bae i miss u so much ❤ ️ ❤ ️ ❤ ️ ❤ ️
Enjoy from english f
@pkhazipur It ’s My plzr dear .. .
Salman bhai se kaise contact ho skta , hai ?? Koi btayga , plzzz i need his , help plzzzz
#Nishant Chauhan Bhai to ukhad lo uska . Dilwale jaisee ghatiya movie to paisa Kama k nikal Gayi Ye to fir Bhi MR perfectionist ki hai . Joon Tum logon ki jalti rahegi iski collection badhti rahegi
@SrBachchan Love n more
make modi india pm jai hind
Kuch kalakaro ke betuke bayano ki wajah se aj pata nhi chalta ki kon acting kr raha h or kon sahi mayno me deshbhakt h .. .. ..
Ooh boy Pri 's becoming Americanised now ! Sure some people back home are n't too happy ! Welcome to NY Pri !
nitish mullaaa tu bom sai ab hinduo ko nhi rok skta
wating 4 ur movie mahi .. .. . now i cant wait for it .. .. i ll see frst day frst so
Photo S YOU very DONE NiCe pretty woooow
wish happy brithday mine dear Frindz amir bhai
Such interaction is encouraging and result oriented .
@apollo_251 @RanaAyyub Idiot of first Oder who says they are peaceful we know the genocide they carried on Tamils in Lanka
auto rikshaw wale k beti sunkr mje CA ki ist rank holder k yad aa gi :'( wo b auto wale k hi beti thi
@SommerRayy A date with me ❤ ️ ❤ ️ ❤ ️ ❤ ️
@Deewalia I know
Pakistani - Aaj phir se patakhe nai phod paaye . :) 2nd Pakistan - Chalo tv hi tode lete hai . @Paagal_Luke #IndVsSA #BleedBlue
are bhai 1947 se desh ko lut rahe ho ab to chod do
No news in Indian media highlighting this .
Hahshahaha you are very baf player for India pak she darter ho hahaha agar jazba he to maidan me utroo hamare sath muqabla karooo hahaha ajaaaa
it shows hands in the gloves of government
@KatrinaKaifFanz Nice Baby
Just passed through the Anand Lok Society Durga Puja Pandal in Mayur Vihar-1 with ' Aunty Police Bula lengi ' playing loud inside . Coooolll !
Beautiful typist Priyanka , your stunning beauty attracts my heart all the time
sir it is good that yu want the relationship betwen rich poor
Happy Birthday Amit Ji
Bhai keep doing great work
I think your roomie is trying to tell you something ... but u r not taking the hint !
dono ladkia tuj se tym kr ri hai tru hoti to tere 2 thapd mar k side kr deti
Great partnership and friendship with Russia . PM Modi is doing everything to strengthen relationship with President Putin
Good noon salman ji
intoxicated by your smile
ye sach kah rahe hai
Salman bhai you are the best
Modiji has a very dynamic personality . He has changed India completely . Together he can bring an end to terrorism .
ji internet ke paise na kate kuch aisa karwa do :-) :-) :-)
jai ho strong man
tu pakka usse puchti rhti hogi k use tjme ka pasand h ya tu kasi lag ri h :-P
sir , we are watching for jhansi rally speech
@cutebabies____ #बाबू he is just like you . Even he does n't cry like you never use to .
Delhi University Confessions bhai admin acha kaam kar rahe ho but achaanak kya hua phle to kya updates hote the ek dum se change gud
Nice jodi for madam .. .
Hehe .. .. . khub masak krte he sir aap .. ..
AAL THE BEST MANISH S RAWAT G . LOVE YOU SALMAN BHAI G .
Josheen Mrxl Josheen do you remember old thing Melbourne cricket ground and you side make his a video then you side put it on snap chat story .. . and you side write there .. . marry me pls kohli
the immortal voice shall live on rip legend
@narendramodi 👍 released postage stamp on different aspects of Lord Ram life at #TulsiManasMandir , Varanasi . Ram was source of inspiration
now a day our habit is pinch every one .. we can n't listen properly only believes on what other people say .. . he work not for money , he work for society .. only he say bhart meri maa h me ise brand krke apmanit nahi karunga .. India brand unke liye h jo desh k name pr vyapar kr rhe h .. . app ki adalt 2016 aamir khan episode dekhna fir sochna .. sb clear ho jaye .. .. itna hungama agr currpt politician pr kiya hota to khushi ki bat hoti .
@elan_golomb hi elan you are amazing writer and will be a booker winner one day
@Bundesliga_EN There is a first time for everything
galat ka jawab saheeh se
Apne Nahi to dusre hi shahi
#273 : I am a sophie from Delhi . My dad gives me enough pocket-money so I waste it all around and discover whatever possibly I can with that . I recently tried a good quality escort service twice and had a good time . It's so much better than wasting time taking girls out for expensive dinners and then going for romantic walks and then waiting for the right moment to make a move which you don't know will be reciprocated or not . And even then it's frustrating when they cockblock you from getting past 1st or 2nd base . In the end you waste many days of your time and many thousands if Rs of your dad's hard-earned money chasing pussy and never getting any ... So take my advice , visit a good escort and have a good time , you know what you're getting and you don't have to waste time and money in expensive dinners or flowers ... The action ( really good quality action ) is guaranteed . The moral of the story is this : THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN SEX FOR MONEY AND SEX FOR FREE IS THAT SEX FOR MONEY IS ALWAYS CHEAPER .
Sallu bhai is the king of bollywood
Salah Firmino Studg all have missed chances to win it for us .. nothing can be said now #LFC
Fejal khan ek no roll ta sr apka me to fan hu uska
I love u ji
@RanaAyyub Lately you have been tweeting like a poster girl for Islamic terrorists !
Please always be with me !! This is all I wanted to say 😊
Apna bhai h nawazu to
Won the toss ! Elected to bat first . Come on INDIA jita do ..
@OnePlus_IN It takes 180 days to create the soft gold coat
Ritesh Pathak isse tweet Kara sakte ho kya apni marathon k liye ??
Happy friendship day bhaijaan
Best of luck sapna punia ji .. .. .. love u salman bhaiya
@imshas Management mobiles cheen ke rakh le sab ke .. Perform na kren tou phir kehna ..
Chopra or Chopra 100 KI sweep hogie . DDeepawali per
@THR @Madonna @amyschumer The end is near
Salman ap aoge indore .. . plz plz plz
SULTAN BHAI IS BEST BEST BHAIJAAN IN BOLLYBOOD
mobile number in 90's ??? technically possible though . both were started in ' 96 i think :P
That sounds like a bad batch of marijuana
@StarbucksIndia Have n't heard back about any views or movement from your team ? @StarbucksIndia
@Krishntripathi Tax evaders ? When was there tax on textiles ?
men pakistan se hun is liye
Proud leaders Jai Hind
Mr Talha Saeed by Sleek Design .
@bionicsix1 @phanerozoic11 @pari_cious bohut achay ayay . Mixed dabay Wala mix n maida . Apna hee koi taste bana liya :)
salaam alaikum mai chahta hoo apki dangal film india aur world ki sari film ka record tod de insha allah mai dil se dua karta hoo . sari filmo ka record todega apki gangal film amen
Wow great , ab log debate krenge ki peeche to kamal Bana hua kyu dikh rha h
Wonderful news priyanka . God bless ..
We need to know who this girl is so I can propose as well .
Brilliant- always the Superstar Amitabh Bachchan Ji <3
By watching this everyone feels that India is not only great country but powerful toooo
@ikhushi_hr @IABHI_HR Okay !! 👍👍👍👍👍
Congratulations team India ..
This was the best confession !
@xIN_8 @shantanuagr Go off to sleep boys 😴
Khan Bhai I want to meet you
We were in a relationship without knowing each other .. .. 😂😜 #ConfessToSomethingStupid
@FanSidharth Muje dekhne ke liye time nhi milta hai re . Kya karu bata biddu tu bata ? Office me kaam bhi hai bole to
Sorry Dhoni ji , Thalaivar is the best . Even for cricket as well .. .
@sardesairajdeep Economy is the issue to discuss with the people of finance channels .
@OLIO_ex And u run a company .. . doomed
congress mukt bharat banao sir
Now I know American pie was based on real life incident .
@qfint True . Still there is time to bring things in order but for that this Government needs to give away its arrogance .
Deciding against the advice ( what do I stand to lose , further , right ? ) , I visit Idea Store . Same one where I had put the initial post2pre rqst
Zaid Hamid-Best Comedian is reincarnation of ZHBC page that was made Shaheed by FB today . Join back the Lashkar for Ghazwa !
Nyc N U n our team did Another surgical strike on pakistan .. .. .. . It a a great moment for every indian whether it is hindu or muslim or belongs to any community n religion
How can they kill innocent Humans on the name of Sacrifice ?? YE KAISA DHARMA HAI YAAR ?? One word to describe thm #Disgusting #HinduMassMurder
Love you always Bhi ❤❤❤
A harami too Sadhi kob koraga .. .?
Bhai I 'm huge fan you salman bhai
We all remember him by his performance in Lagaan .. .. .. . he played his role very will .. .. no one can replace his role ' he May he rest in peace
2014 me badla lena h Congress se , we r with Sikhs
Kadr us chabi ki hoti h jo hr taleey ko khol de na ki taleey ki jo hr chabi se khul jaye .. bete ..
@ValaAfshar When you dodge the problem you lose an opportunity to know the solution .
Nice Poster as usual .. . hope and wish movie will also be superb .. ek dum se Haryana ki chavi ubhar kar saamne aa rahi hai .. . very all the best to team DANGAL . and special congratulations and special wish to my guru Jagbir Rathee Mdu Rohtak . ( Y ) :) .
@Ahmadbilal111 I thought you 're gonna yogi Ji 😂
Raina will miss the first match .. .. . #missyouraina #loveyouraina
You see lady where ever you go everyone opens their arms for this young indian beauty cherish these little moments for life .
Comment me hi bolo hambre liye Etne din comment karte hai ham log
Kya aap mujah se dosti karen ge me apka bahut bada fan hu or apko bahut like karta hu
jai modi raj ! namo
mr narendrabhai modi rocking at udepure rajasthan and he got million of people there
@skv_india muzaffarnagarcase shows what the BJP leader did was right should we only condemn when a girl is trapped & raped or prevent it
Gave
Wow .. loking awesome sir .. God humesa apka sath de .. or aap humesa achha khele .. . You are best sir .
Cricket chod a pakadle terese nahi yoga saley sehwag KO door kiya
Really with the blessings of Lord Jagannath and support of of 120 crore fellow nationals your March for the betterment of bharatmata may reach its height
Aryan Jain apparently he gets the veggie at Nando 's
Modi jee , the powerful and peaceful leader , whose thinking and vision will bring corruption free , and so many changes in India economy
@runjhunmehrotra Such a perfect time for it ! Cheers 🥂
#232 : I am a non-CSE non-tech IITB guy who has got placed in completely tech profile coding job . God would only tell what those idiots thought at the time of hiring me . I can't even write a ' Hello World!!!' program in any language in the first attempt .
No conclusions at the moment .
@kumartanmay A case of personal preferences . :)
Hi :D east or west AquaLiker is the best visit now and get likes => AquaLiker , com ( Search On Google <3 )
rahul CHOWDARY super radier in the team congrats rahul
So Beautiful and pretty girl
@siyal_khan office abb hum sub kaam karty koi uni clg nae jata mere ghar
so after dangal . young mahveer is your new film good
salman khan sir big boss 10 me do apna dvd mumbai addres par bheja pAr receive kya aan logo ke saath dhokha kiya gaya meri aash adhori reh gayi dvd pahuch jati to uske select hote ya nahi .
You Are A Great PM In Whole World .
Many to koi aap ko ab msg nahi krna salman khan
@bhaveshpatil77 @UltraSuristic_ Haha nice one bro
@thesushmitasen Greek goddess .. . U will always be my favourite màm 🙏😇
Aisa kar uska band baja uski bandiyo k saamne ..... u'll feel fantastic
@HKane come it 's hatrick in #ucl he is just the best #spurs could have . @PLFanzones @meseemajaswal
yaar gf kisi k liye kisi ko v chod sakti hai
abhi ham log khamushi ke sath hain rahne dij ye
@sonaakshiraaj @AgerwalNidhhi @Team_NidhhiFC beautiful
@mallik_muzammil Do as you please 😀
One of the domestic animal .. .. roar in their home 's door
Come on Cheeku - your old Oakleys are far better than these new shades . These look atrocious .
Nice looking msd bhaiya my hurt always for you . you are one man ARMY . one man cricketer
Sara Kam to Ajay Thakur ka hai
Ramzan Mubarak ho Salman bro
jay ho bharat mata ki and bjp
For eg some private engineering colgs in Chennai do n't allow girls & boys to talk . If caught pay heavy penalty & in sm cases even expulsion .
sir we r proud about sakshi malik
#263 : I got the CC to shut down Planetromeo ! And you cant even imagine who I am . #MoodICG2k13
@yash7ghelani Dude . It was amazing be ! xD
Inshlah centry paka ha .. tara .. Idr c indian channls bnd hain .. net pa kde dak skta hain koi btao
Kaimy di game kaimz lgg rhi Nakhro dekho
@PokemonGOHubNet 😪 I forgot and got my streak just half an hour ago #facepalm
U r my superhero . I again want to see a film related to school with unique character like taree zaminparr and three idiots . I love u so much
I love my papa . Sir
Great .. all the best
Happy birthday amitabh ji
yr tere liy ek hjar clapping b kru na to km h m isi situation ko face kr rh hu tune ose word de diy osm
india 's same story rohit got out virat comes wickets keep falling another milestone for virat and india wins <3 Hamare liye toh match he tab shuru hota hai jab tum aate ho virat !! :-)
Eddie ... _/\\_ :D
Sreetama Basu Roy Saahil Jordan Mahanta
@stupid_dreamsxx They did it same last year . No hopes now .
Apart from married people , college kids , corporate crowds , there is another division in comedy audience called lazy people .
dhoni akele chal gaye aap match dekhne , mere sath hai jate doono sath me dekh lete .. .
@Khalsa_Aid great work it 's really amazing , will donate after getting salary on 30th Insha Allah
Modi is the best pm
dilli me samman milta hai aur husband mar gaya to sati ka samman milta hai
'' Do naye dost se achha ek purana dost hi achha hota hai '' very nice said by PM MODIJI
AALLA se duva h virat Bhai ki es tarh farm bani rahe or har mech jeete Tim India
good saudi women men driving kar saktaa hai to women kiu nahi ?
@AsYouNotWish True lol
Fantastic ,, awesome .. . once again u have proved that u r best player of the world in cricket ,,,, congratulation and thank a lot for giving a important victory against ne ,,,,,,
aamir khan n ar rahman combination is the best in the earth .. . lagaan , rang de basanti , JTYJN , Rangeela , earth n many more :)
bs series win ho jao .. or des vasio ko diwali gift do bhai .. bs aapse yehi expectation hai ..
Masha Allah nice one I love you Aamir khan Jaan .
Nice pick baijaan mast lag rahe ho baijaan
cheers :D :D
Oh no .. I loved him so much in Lagaan .. He was a wonderful guy .. May he rest in peace and may God keep him always ..
It would be great if you start nuclear power station in other states also with the collobaration with Russia . So that all states will be self satisfied in electricity .
Virat bhai tum saadi kar lo tumari anushaka bahut hot au .. .. r sexy hai nhi to koi uta le bhagega I love you virat .. .. .
Uff .. Looking gud aamir .. but i do like ur lean look .. that look in dil chata hai ..
New Islamic Year Mubarak To All Muslims #Muharram
Wish you a very Happy Birthday dear Amitabh ji , with all our love and best wishes and good health , regards , Deshnidhi , manju
go goa gone !
You are a living legend Sir ji
@sowmya_h4m Comee
Modi .. . Oil ka price kam karo .. . Petrol Rs . 3-4 per litre and Diesel- 3-4 per litre . come on man .. . hamein diwali gift do . achha wala .. . Aur bahut hua .. . Deshbhakti .. . ab desh Economy k liye kaam kijiye .. . Sirf Vikaas pe dhyan rakhiyega .. .. Otherwise 2019 mein vote nahi denge .
Game over . 3-1 . This could have been worse . Much worse . #HalaMadridYNadaMas
Still watching . mann . 3 idiots . akle hum akele tum etc love all your movies
Saluuuu aik reply tu kabi karu na
Congratulations Priyanka , you are featuring on most popular shows . It 's a typical moment of your life Priyanka
Ankit Yadav beta lucknow gaon nhi hai jo hum sabko jaante ho .. ;) :P
Jai hind . salute to our Indian air force .
me marne wala hun help me for my job take me duty kron or khaon pion ask her ALLAH ap ko sihat de aamen
dil chota mat kar yaar . Degree ki value hoti hai . iski value nahi hoti ki kaha se li hai . no degree contains the college's name . bas university ka naam hota hai . And at the end teri knowledge hi tujhe aage leke jayegi .. So smile :)
Hy virat .. . First win the match .. Tn let 's look about the power Or any thing else .
no we expect d pm to vote 4 modi in d upcoming election
only modi ji pm candidate
@tatadocomo Internet Explorer is faster than #TataPhoton . Extremely poor service .
u r a nOOb
Salman Bhai muje bhi movie me lelo
only to get ur glimse we can wait for whole day we love u sir
Modi sir .. Pls kuch kro against pak .. . Ek aur surgical . stick honi hi chahiy .. Dekho to sir Jiski okat hm indian k sth bat krne tk ki b ny .. . Wo pakistan apne baaap terroist k sth Normal log pe firing kr rha h .. . Himmat to hai ny .. . Ki real m lade .. .! !! !
modi ka jadu ish tarh ka hai ki log film star aur cricket playar se jyada log modi ji ko sunne aate hai
You can build nuclear reactors only in TN sir ; and no other state will allow you to establish because Tamils are guinea pigs for central government
@aru36629 haha smjh gyi mai accha tum office se aane ke baad kya krti ho ?
ha ha ha
Sir , you are our future , goahead we n every drop of our blood is with you n india
@stupid_dreamsxx Yep , hopefully .
Sir humare jawan seemao me kab tak shaheed hote rahenge , aap aur aapki sarkar jo kar rahi hai vo kafi nahi hai , aankhir kis majburi ne apko roka hai , mai apko desh ka hero manti hu aap mere aadarsh hai , par apke kathor kadam na uthane par mujhe afsos hai , apni is beti ki fariyad suniye pak ko barbad kar dijiye
@Eshita_Tewari Honge *
Virat ur indian team 's king ur best in the world we love u virat today u mke 154 * runs i love that century and u friends
always alive in hearts of music lovers with his songs
"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""" muggle """""""""""""""""""""" meant """""""""""""""""""""" joint """""""""""""""""""""" in the 1930s , and marijuana users were called """""""""""""""""""""" muggle-heads """"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""
love to watch up coming FIFA the event is happening in kochi #FIFATrophyExperience @bankofbaroda
He explained every ignorant voter about different party symbols but did n’t tell them about NOTA ! #newton
@DribblingKova Should have been one of Kroos/Modric .
Kya baat hai Virat Bro ! Looking awesome
@OneChilledBeer some so called celebs , : x
Woooow beautiful friend you
Aap 4 number pe hi bale baji kare aap ke liye acha rahega aur team har match jitega
@KatrinaKaifFanz @GoGreenKatrina Very Cute
Amit Jee Baramula J&K me phirse terrorist ne hamla kiya hai .
happy birthday sir jii
I love that type cool captain . India proud of you . Me from Pakistan but I like you very much dhoni
@sardesairajdeep Kudos to journalists like you , who never fail to paint any news with communal colour . Do n't know what fun they get .
I am not an IITian .. but I think I know this guy .... Mr. Rocket Propelled Grenade
Koi baat nhi yaar vaise bhi parents k pause jaane hi the ab tuition nhi tof shoppng shi ..... :-)
BOT BY <3 MALIK HAMZA <3
Jinx abt to be broken ... Mauke pe chauka boss #IndVsSA #MaukaMauka #CWC15 ... Superb team work
@mohit0205 @jayeshdewana12 They are sitting in there news room and debating over the reports released by the Myanmar army .
ua bf ch***ya spotted :-D dude teriii gal tujhe apne kutte se compare kar rii h :-P :-D
tu such me pagal ho gai h ...... jo ho gya so ho gya babu .... ek achhi n hppy life start kr ....
Hitendra Katiyar Saharsha Keshkar Sanket Rathi Akhil Sharma Manish Chalana ... Bihari Bengali h kya ?
Sir keep going our green energy projects .. and one more time pak needs a thunder storm .. .. ..
highest award kya hota h bhai !! !? ??
If you cannot be a poet , be the poem . – David Carradine
Maine yeh film 56 baar dekhi hai
Wow !! ;) how sweet :) Friendship goals ;) Happy birthday Farhan .. I mean Maddy .. hehe
@DennisCricket_ You fuckin resist , get lost you piece of shit .
e mere zohra zabi tumhe maloom nahi
Super and super madam , looks so cute
Sir how sweet look Sir khaki Aysalak ta hay my be Aapka Jessa banjaom Sir you very lucky kid ki Allah kA baandah My Aapki li to Allah say duA magunga
Mai movie zaroor dekhunga bhai jaan
Followed by Agent Provocateur , a powerful political piece of dance theatre by Sujay Saple . Travelling to Bangalore 's Rang Shankara . Go see .
@NavenduSingh_ AAPiya : Fuck me harder , fuck me , fuck me with your big black dick , aaahhh 😂😂😂
@StarSportsIndia READY FOR TOSS . HEAD IS CALL ITS TAILS """""""""""""""""""""" INDIA WINS TO$$'' TOSS JITA HAI AB MATCH JITO #INDvsPAK
@Ileana_Official @SaritaTanwar Looking fantastic
but how ?
@Dimafadma Stay happy and blessed my friend , do remember you in my prayers each day . Allah hafiz ! ( am I correct in the words )
Without Dreams We reach nothing . Without Love We feel nothing . Without God We are nothing .. .. .. ., .. .. .. #Life
@bsesdelhi No .. . It 's still pending .. . nobody came from your side .
Best of luck legend !
Having a hard time shopping over @Paytm app . It crashes while loading the product details .
vote for the dream team bjp / nda under the leadership of namo
khuda na de kisi ko raho me ,
Radio Nasha 91.9 pe tune Karo every sat-sun 4pm with #Salimkhan aur enjoy Karo !
Salman bhai aap ki movie Sultan is too good and carry-on is terha ki movies banaty rhain or apny Pakistani fans ky lia b kuch kary .
Unrequited love .. . You do n't have to worry about the ending .
Time To Take Emre Off Or He Will Get Sent Off
@ShakiraBindass @GSciyari Hope channel will make 2 season , would love to be a part of it
I am Zoyeb . Happy Birthday Farhan ( Madhavan ) Hi Aamir i am your big big friend and i m so desperate and anxcious to see u in ur upcoming movies like Dangal . I m happy no one like u . U r really a perfectionist about everything and specially about ur character n movies . M from uk love you and ur movies . Ramadaan Mubarak in Advance .
Do you really need words ? Ye mauka humne haath se jaane nahin diya .. This time we are winning ! #WontGiveItBack #IndvsSA
#307 : I once stole a campusite's laptop and sold it online . Bought a lot of goodies that month . I'm not sorry .
u come at 4 0r 5 """""""""""""""""""""" ?
I am from Rajasthan , churu virat my fevrit player so 3rd match in 100 +
Sir g fikar na karein mei bhi arha hun new bollywood star ( Shahab khan ) ..
It ’s important to make #friendships that are #deeper than #gossiping & #drinking and #smoking and #going #out . $Make friends who you can go …
i love u soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo much my jaan
#293 : H6 just got a new basky court completed a few days ago . Since then , a group of three has been trying to score baskets all day in and day out , all in vain . The ball hits the rim or the hoop or the board and bounces back at them as if it were a boomerang . They are there when I wake up at 8am and when I go to the canteen at 1pm , when I go for tiffin at 5pm and when I go for dinner at 9pm . But the basket eludes them .. . My heart goes out to them .
You'll be in trouble someday !
09.09.2016 eid to gyi na bhai ab next month bakra eid hai
Its A real leader ship we have ever seen , sir you bring back relationship with Russia on track again
Bhad ma ja aamir khan
Wow Wishes Sir . .. Wishing U Very Good Morning Sir Have A Marvelous Day On Marvelous Monday Sir . . . L ❤ ve U Sir
@Selinarai131Rai Are you very beautiful girl like you so much
Modi ji ko toh dil se salam
congress issues clarification apparently for rahul , anyone with an average iq is from the intelligence bureau
@Snapdeal_Help Refusing returns on products on which there is no questions asked return policy
I miss you every time
long live INDO RUSSIAN partnership
#198 : How many confessions posted here are real ? Why do I get the sense that many may simply be fantasies of some folks and a few others may simply be teasers to provoke comments . No ?
Wishing you the BEST Diwali Ever PC Jee- Agar bore ho jao tho aa jao Washington DC !!
Bhai humaein kohli dai dou badlay mein kuch fast bowlers lsi lou pakistan sai .. deal ??
What if you 're not the right one ? You 're just there because it 's too much hard work to find the right one and start over ?
1/2 Mehrabpur Rahwasi Zulfqar Gangharo ke Sath Sukkur ToolPlaza ke Amle ki Ziyadati . Tool Na Dene pe 16000 Naqd cheen k Gunda Gardi ki
All the best indian team aaj virat bhai jitna jaroori hai jay hind jay bharat
_/\\_ I actually know this guy and it's a true story , in fact this guy is M2K but for some reason he chose not to sign his name to the post ~ Eddie
Great god bless you
Ok celebration this Diwali in New York meet your country 's person there HAPPY DIWALI TO YOU AND YOURS FAMILY
@bhawnamunjal @BeingSalmanKhan @ColorsTV Nice
Kohli it 's high time bro you should get your beard cut safed baal dikhne lage hain
2 powerful man of d world
#Newton A movie tht explores d limitations of Indian democracy is India 's official entry 4 d Oscars . Made me proud . #JaiHind @DrishyamFilms
@mrsfunnybones is a woman who certainly does n't like to hold back . Ma 'am , kindly do n't stop that and continue to laugh are rear out !
#196 : 80% attendance ? . Midsem/quizzes ?. Project ?. Course registration ?. True Story !
Dono duniya ki Bali dyedi humnye rah mye tyeri , Ab too chli aa ek baar ,!! Plllllls M World Priya !!
na , it seems too complicated
@HimanshuDelhiOn VK Singh calls critics journalists as Presstitutes !! Giriraj singh , Kailash Vijayvargiy , Sakshi Thug and on and on !!
Mr Amitabh Bachchan ji Good morning have a different and excellent beautiful day
Chandresh K . Khatri . pakka yahi hai
islam main lady ke ijjat
#268 : A chick complimented me saying I look like a pornstar . Does that mean she watches a lot of porn or that I have a big you-know-what ?
@_iamwe_ is stunning ! Everyone say it with me !
We are old friends . In seventies when I was very young we shared so many talks about then USSR and we use to get so many magazines from USSR to get through and basic intution was """""""""""""""""""""" WE ARE FRIENDS """""""""""""""""""""" . So from my childhood I liked the Russians and moreover the country RUSSIA .
Oh ! U r lking black black .. . nice madam anuska ji .. .
Dear diary .. . InStyle #instyleawards #aboutlastnight
happy vijayadashmi to all members of amit ji fans
Kal kya hoga sir par mujhe to aapke liye song likhana he likha he bas music ki hi kami he sab ready he sir if you want my song
@everythingkpopp Set A and Set B My bias is Taehyung . He 's my ' Beach ? Bitch!' . . . Beach Bitch .. . Get it ?
@lady_gabbar But he is promised to Rapunzel , bruh .
So , do you believe in signs ?
@MamataOfficial Will Durga accept my prayers . #change #boycottdurgapuja
Virtual nd versatile artist .. . great sir ji .. .
You are too painted , you look much better without makeup
Ishe acter kisne banya auto wLa lagta
What a coencident ! India lost the match against newzealand ..
Good night salman bhai
#306 : 3 of us get kicks when we run bare-chested in camo pants while listening to a particular soundtrack we like on loop . We've been caught by guards twice & had tough time explaining why we were half naked sunning around screaming Hannah & Selena ... It may seem idiotic but we get an amazing adrenaline rush doing this , I guess it is that awesome background music ...
Kal jo khele uska jabab nhi h umid karta hun ki ap hamesa ap aise hi khele apka fan .
sorry bro none can match rajini sir hez a miracle at 65 .. .! ✔
: poop :
Sir . me aapka bahut bada fan hoon .. .. . mera fb name pahle tejvir yadav tha . jab mene aapki movie rang de basanti dekhi nam fb pe tejvir indian kar diya sir me aapse 5 minat milna chahta hoon .. aur me bhiwani haryana se hoon . aapki dangle movie kal goan se 6 km door.me delhi me hoon .. me delhi me hoon .. job karta hoon .. .
@qfint Yashwant Sinha has written reality . Eye opening article and hard-hiting .
one day me century ko bahut din ho gaya ha .. jaldi century maaro ..
Remember when I wanted to make a Banoffee Pie on my own ?? . . . . . . Neither do I .. .
Ranjan Sahu :P :P :P
To whoever posted this , we got your message , PM us . Back around 1999 , we have many swimmers in common . ~ Ed
Congratulations India ! INDIA WINS THE 2016 KABADDI WORLD CUP . CELEBRATIONS BEGINS ! #OneBigBlue #2016KabaddiWorldCup @KabaddiWorldCup2016Updates #INDvIRN #INDvsIRN #TheGrandFinale
Not just me , even my son 's ( Aamir & Junaid ) are eagerly waiting for Dangal ! .. . Not just movies I have also watch few interviews of your . Mayray dil bus aahe khaytha hai Ap ap achay actor ho aur bohat achay insaan ho .. .. Long live Mohammed Aamir Hussain Khan .
This is called real p.m. a general who fight in the . Forefront .
Hello modi g waana meet you
Boy : Tum Ladki Ho Ke Sharab Peeti Ho ?? Awesome reply by Girl : To Kya 2-4 Peg Ke Liye Gender Change Karwaun ??? #IndvsSA #MaukaMauka
I love u salman jii .. . u r my school life first crushed .. . abb tak app hi hoo meri crush .. . mai app ki neighbour country Bangladesh se huu .. . pls kabi kabi cmnt ka ans bhi dijiye na sir
U look awesome in this pose sir , but still u dont match thalaivar .. . no one can match his style .. . EVER !! ! Sorry to say this , but its the fact !! Thalaivar thalaivardhan .. .. .. agree ?
@neiltyson Are you the next Three eyed Raven ?? ?
1 ) Thought Of The Night- “ No one is that important , it ’s always about you , yourself in the end . ” Satisfy your soul with self love and care !
Very very very nice bhai sa
What in the name of goodness , for instance , is Amraapaali ? Can you not say Aamrapaali , or is the Am- of Ambani the only acceptable syllable ?
You should have duleep trophy final and should have regreted that why on earth that gauti was not picked for wc 2015 ?
Jo bi mujhe Like krega mein use abhi reqest send karougi . Promise Pakka Yar
Good morning Amit ji Okk
my frnd just added me in memes whats group but some people in the group just do n't fucking know that what the fuck meme is . i mean fuck me . 😂
Me itana sir ko likhati hu unki khamoshi to dekho kucha na bolte bas ishara hi sab bata deti he he wants to help me in my life
amithab g parnam mein mumbay aakar ek bar aapse milkar kuch batana chahata hun pls mera help kare
Muze ilhabaad ka Gud pasand hai ji
Do you ever come to Chicago ?
Movies b present karinge ab tum
When I . Was little boy then I show his more films as a veerana joshilay lagan is a best film himself so sad news today
Woow beautiful priyanka chopra
#IndvsSA #SAvsIND If mohit sharma wins this match for India . Ishant sharma's parents will say """""""""""""""""""""" ek baar apne bhai ko dekho aur apne apko """""""""""""""""""""" .
@GoalFlash_UCL Emphatic finish and what power @Cristiano @realmadrid #BVBRMA #Champions #HalaMadrid
beautiful songs he has given us may manna da s l rest in peace
@miakhalifamiami I do not know about this but I like you
Salman bhai very good
bona mazze lene ke chakkr me tha pela gya aur kya
Bhai baiek chalana sab ko aata hoga . Lakin goda chalana har kisi ko nahi hata ..
ranveer sir ko kya bola tu , battamiz salman khan
Antinational is just 11 characters . #twitter280
Namaskar !! !! ! welcome familys Nice . very sweet home . Aadarniy mem shree Priyanka Chopra ji . thanks DIPAVLI KI HARDIK SHUBHMANGALKAMNAYEIN . SO SWEET HAPPY NEW YEAR Every goods new york dhanyavad . EitehaJhanvi
Virat kohili is the great bastman in all format . he prove the last match . lndia team ka sher he virat .
Love Your nation/pray for the people in danger/help them atleast 4 some days . Ladki se pyar karne ko Zindagi padi hai Bhai . Desh se bhi kuch pyar kar lo ...
@SGhodgerikar @BJP4India Please take up with sr leadership . I was not present
Snehil : exact same thought struck me as soon as i saw this ! Harshad :P
what it costs now today the costliest
@RTIExpress Great sir .. . congrats
Hi virat bro i proud of you because i love you i biggest fan of you and best of luck i with you . you and team india will be win
pleaseeeeeee answer meeeeee . I begging you sweet man . only world
sabko sath ke kar chalna hi modi ji ka kahena hi
Very nice Pics of your SIR
Who want to see him in police dress #prabas Sry for disturb you guys
Hi love u bhai
Appeal 2 TV anchors-India facing serious threats & challenges . We desperately need calm consideration of vital issues . STOP hysterical debates
@geekyranjit lenovo K8 plus is having screen flickering issue at lowest level of brightness .. .. do u also have same issue ??
Same like this many leaders and celebs met Balasaheb and said he is fine but after 2 days they said he is no more #karunanidhi
Tum kitne handsome and powerful batsman ho . Really I want to meet you
virat kohli atttttttttttttt g
@BeyondFrills Nepali nah 😑 , 25 sounds still sound plausible
"""""""""""""""""""""" tumne hamein pooj pooj kar patthar kar dala , wo jo hum par jumle kaste hain humme zinda toh samajhte hain .. """"""""""""""""""""""
Being Indian , Being human , proud feeling , jaiho
DHONI Means D - Dynamic H - Hero O - Of N - Nation I - India . Salute You Sir
@usmannghani u too .
Happy bday farhanitrate aka farhan :)
Being left out is the worst feeling of all .
India will win ,, jai hind
Okieeee .. .. . so now just 744 Hr 's ( i.e 1 month ) are left for peri peri 's birthday ⚡⚡⚡ @its_Pari28
nope . wake up at 8 ? of all things , dinner ?? at 9 ?? daya kardo ! plus you weren't even born when i quit tattling !
kiya flim banaliya amir bhai , that 's awesome flim when my mood off I 'm watch this flim .. .. .
Apne lips pe lipstik ki jagah poison chipka leti to maza ata ..
Let 's celebrate bhai jaan
OMG ! OMG ! OMG ! Your prank was actually trueeeeeeeeeeee Safi Naqvi !! !! He was in MUMBAI ❤
Ham khush hue sir I am fully agree with u sir salute
Bharat Mata ki jai Jai hind ki Jai jawan ki Salute all Indian army & soldier
1 assist , 1 goal . 15 mins #Anthonymartial for you folks !!
aur amir ki iss look ko dekh k .. . baki k bollybuilder khud ko pani kam chai smjh rahey h
@ChocolateCharsi no office hours ! Saara kaam ghar per
if this is what nitish and congi security means why not they make way for modiji
Rajini sir - The ' Baap ' of all superstars & Dhoni sir is the Baap of all world class captains cz pointing smith had best players best bowlers but mahi have players n he makes them best specially bowlers . how many agree ??
Air conditioning in the Office at war with my immune system again 😑 #HotChocolateToTheRescue
Thank you and shana tova big b I love u ❤
Come bk to bollywoodd miss ur movies
If u r girl then its not true but if u r guy then yes u r only ,,,, :)
bhai suru ho gya kya
@Khalsa_Aid can you let us know what was ur help when our bros and sis were sent from Lanka and landed in India . d u know even TN is in India
Nikaal nikaal ... Jaldi “ @vantaskigoli : COME ON MOHIT !! NIKAAL DUMINY KO ! ”
bhaijan we r waiting
Hy I 'm vipin gupta bhai
Sir please Mujhe job dilwa dijiye . M bahut pareshan hu .
loveable song jag gumaiya all the best mr. khan your upcomming film sultan
Jay Ho Modi ji
sleep with matka , confess to ur bf instead of conf pages and ur done
thala i hav one doubt . y u r always thinking abt our country .. u r grt
Happy-Happy Birthday dearest @alok_bhatt bhai . Bestest wishes for your great health and long life !
Am I the only one who thinks #friendship is better than #relationship
#280 : Back in the ' 90s in my 2nd yr 1st sem , we put a spoof ad in Mid-Day posing as a modeling agency and provided a mobile number and email address . Got 300+ emails , phone numbers , sizzling portfolio photos etc from wannabe models and hotties all over Bombay . And everyone always wondered how I was never single ...
You looking gorgeous nd sooooo .. beautiful my dreams queen : -* #Nushie wishing you all the best for #ADHM Te Amo #Anu
oh that is bad , it feels one generation is gone , may god rest his soul in peace
We all know that man who photobombs the image ! :D :D
You are looking good but Rajini sir is so awesome with his style and there should be another Rajini to make some comparsion .
@IndianExpress Why did the UPA not implement 33% reservation fr women in Parl ? Now RG is talking of 50% !
Dhoni is not best captain bec he dosent takeany yone of bihar in intnational levle healso play in bihar in sam stipur
Jai shri ram sir j
@sabirspf @ThiruYadav6 @madskak We dont hav any mad messanger nobody gave the false message to us
@Revenant2k12 First please learn to educate ur diplomats on how to put facts on international platform .. .. world is laughing at Pakistan
Priyanka Chopra dearlinig only ilov e you
The only untrustworthy member is the C . We need to be wary of them .
hello plz ek baar baat karlo my love
@geonews_urdu jb misbah nhi khelta to team 200 b cross nhi krti ... shoib akhtr prsnl horhy hai
#221 : I was a maha-backlogger , I remained on campus for 8 years trying to get a B . Tech . All I can say is that graduating from college at 22 is like leaving the party at 9pm ...
Mera hi jalwala bahijaan happy friendship day
Oh , I am sorry to hear sad news .. .. . I know the great actor after watching Lagaan . I watched the film more than 5 times . His acting was unique and human warmth . May his soul rest in peace from Japan .
JANM DIN MUBAARAK SIR .. .. Eswar AAPKO DIRGHAAU WA SWASTHYA RKHEN .. ..
@MirahSaqib28 Of course 😭 ❤ btw ur Always welcome 😘
Super very nice sir ji and super work sir ji
1 Ladke Ne ek Ladki Ko Call Ki Boy : I LOVE U Jaan Girl-Sacchi Boy-Mucchi Girl : ek 100ka Recharge Krwa Do Plz Boy-Sorry Didi Rong Number .
* normal ppl * -singing d lyrics * me * -singing d lyrics -doing air drumming -guitar riffs -headbanging -kicking d wall -Fuck You
na daga de ye na kare gaddari ,
Very nice shali tumi
Sir please Mujhe job dilwa dijiye . M bahut pareshan hu . Mere future ka sawaal h .
virat sir you r rocking when u plying amezing to watch sahi mayne me aap india ke kohinoor ho .. .. .. best for rest of the serious
@Joeegan199 Just out of form , do n't write him off so easily .
Priyagi how to go mantain always to u know dnt say anybody to u al the best happy good morning
Kyu bhai one day siris ko hara ke khusiya mana rahe ho
Absolutly correct movie n nice n beatiful pair in the movie , amitji n hemaji
Bhavesh Gore :P
haan konsi branch ke konse year ke konse ladke ne ye fake confession diya hai ? :P
@inZAYN CAN THIS PLEASE HAPPEN TO ME ? 😭😭
@karishmakotak Simply awesomeee
Very nice . post . Ma tum se milna cahta hun salman khan . am . Kpk . Swat . ok . Pakistani
Wah .. . Eid me actor or baqra eid me producer
y ppl show this sell every page here also
@LewisHamilton I like how close to perfect the letters look . I was confident that I would screw it up 🤧
If @jasprit Bumrah is Yorker King then what about bangladeshi @mustafizur Rahman #Fizz
@RailMinIndia from last so many days almost all trains r runing late . pls look into the matter as pasengers r geting irritated due 2 this
Virat is the cricket samrat and the best finisher in the world .. .. ,,,
Salman lav yuuu please come to TURKEY
Go sometimes in army jawans home before speak and comment about them and related .. . i think you sensible human being .. . let sence it
@aliasshivani This is making me emotional idk why
nice , humble , kind and match finisher if u think like me like to show
@EthanDolan No problem 💖🤘
Bhai lagta hai teri grammer correct karke sadai hai bohot kisi ne :D
@ozanozi1909 @ManUtd @youngy18 I try .
Sonia Akif chal dono download kare lol
Ronaldo already has 4 goals in 2 matches in CL . Did n't take much time 🤷🏻‍♂️
Hey that 's so sweet
ye hota hai mard ka bacha bas eik he cheez sey mutlab country ki progress bas aur kuch nahi
@realDonaldTrump Good job 👍
bhai tumhara statement log nahi bhule hai .. . kuch bhi krlo , baat nahi jamegi .
Matlab Box office ka record tutne laga hai
your all """""""""" Fen me only me .. .. . viratkohli kab shadi kareheho ..
tereko india me nehi rehena chahia LOVE priyanka
mene puri match dekhi aap k wo Taylor ka catch drop krrna mujhe bhot pasand aaya
“ Your attitude , not your aptitude , will determine your altitude . ” @TheZigZiglar #Success #Leadership
hallo sahrukh khan dilwale dulhaniy Le jayenge movi kab aa rHa hai
Bht bht mubarak ho sir ji .. apko hmri bhi umar lg jai .. we luv u sooooo much
You r an actress just looking so sexy & cute . Though I m a big fan of you . Missing ur new bollywood movie like as Bajirao Mastani .
karma is a bitch !! dnt worry
Purani parampra ha sir
aur Aakash Chopra bol rhe the ki 3 no . pe virat ki jgh dhoni ya manish ko batting krai jaye
@Dugguholick Uday Chopra ki comeback movie
Hit like
thats mainly bcoz he is sooooo hen-pecked by U !!!
Study is life but life is love
Come On United !! 🔴⚪️⚫️
@CherylProWriter Thank you Cheryl . I hope you can join us in the challenge
Ashish bhaiya now it has been proved that no one can succeed in body building without supplementation and steroids . Even Amir khan takes now and that to too much .. ..
Mon to band karle
Plz .. . Priyanka mam come back in bolly to next film .. . We r very exited to your next film in bolly ..
Tum dono par lanat hai gandu dono gandu ho ok uor ye post jis ne beji hai wo randi hai barat k jao randi k bachi
Indian parents after watching Mohit Sharma's performance """""""""""""""""""""" Dekho Sharma ji ke bete ko , kuch seekho """""""""""""""""""""" #IndvsSA #SAvsIND #IndiaVsSouthAfrica
@RailMinIndia Yeah That 's wonderful
Sirf apne bola isliye nahito in sab bc mc mere liye exist hi nehi karta
Jaankari ke liye Bata dun ki Pakistan India se world cup me Aaj tak ek match to Kya ek toss tak nhi jita Hai :P — feeling proud
@sunandavashisht @gauravcsawant Then these papers are anti nationals 👹
Ahhhhh .... ahhhh too ....!!!
May this Dhanteras Celebrations endow you with opulence and prosperity Happiness comes at your steps Wishing many bright future in your life Shubh Dhanteras
well strike
aamir khan aap ki dangal movie ka barri shiddat se intazaar hai yar .. .. . we can feel your hard work Love you so much
@Gendrago_Gaming @GreatIndian_CR @CMuncher23 @TeamKlownz Thanks for so much love gen 😍
@gsforever22 Mine 's 3T anyway so chhod 😂
Yikes sexual harassment right there . :))
sir sab ko ek din jaana hai aapko humko sabhi ko
@ANI Abbe tatte or politician mein he sabse bda farak hota hai
@sachin_rt Amazing
Seek out the local Chanakya , i.e. , #272 !
bhaiyaa Bachchan .. . there has been a terror attack in Baramullah .. .
Our pm looking dapper
Excellent advise Anushka ji . U jz killed the livelihood of 25000 labourers whose life depends on 1 week sale of crackers .. .. that will feed them for the rest of the year ! Lets not buy crackers n starve 25000 people to poverty ! Woohoo !
Keep India rocking .. .. have some more ties and implement should be on track soon ..
Let all Indians and the world at large witness and see this picture in appreciation to Modiji , the real World Leader in this era !!
buddhi hone se pehle shaadi kar le
Thank you for this informative .
Sallu aaj kiyu mera dil ghabra raha hain .. Tumhe aaj es halat ma dekhke bht dar karraha hain .. Plss esa koyi kam mat karna pls meri liye .. Kiyuki main janti hu tum mujhe nehi dikh pate .. Phir bhi bolrahi hu
@sanjaysatish please allow us some time to look into your issue . Thank you for giving us an opportunity to assist you .
toh kya kry jao kisi ko gaali 2 , women k liye olta-sidha comment kro , gadi chdha 2 kisi pe ya kisi ko darrao dhamki 2
@tia_babe28 It adds to the feeling
i love you ms Dhoni
Modi Ji we want anti missile defence system from Russia
I want to meet you Salman jaan .
Very nice work ji Jai hind
Sir frist i happy diwali to you my bootom of heart . To continou to fnish the hol terrorist in the asia and allintire wirld .
sir aap ne hindi me likha hume bahut khushi hua
This match sums up how frustrating this month has been for LFC !! Tons of chances created to no good !!
@lavanya2813 WATS up
@you_ShutUpp thaka hota he banda , tum koi kaam karo office mein to pata ho na :p
Oh my God ! Lagaan actor """" Astrologer """" no more in the World . He was very Good actor .
@sardesairajdeep If u somebody watch ur show they will think only negative or bad thing going on in india But u watch Republic 😂😂
i dont like cricket , when he enter the cricket i love cricket , he is the legend all time
@drmljn @RailMinIndia @PiyushGoyal @drmlko25 Worst experience , still the train has n't reached lko
@trollabhakt Kya technique use karta hai ? How do we believe it 's not just random excel sheet ?
When you hear Sukiyaki out of the blue , and the whole world ceases to exist , there is only empty space , and you , alone in the void .. .
@LADYINRED1080 Who the fuck is this asshole !
The boss of cricket world . World best match finisher . Biggest match winner for India . no devilliers no Smith only Virat is the best . or Vese bhi Aaj kal fogg nahi Dushri team par Virat ka khof chalta he . only Virat fans allowed to Hit like botton .
@pooja9060 Thank you Pooja . :)
U r a perfectionist aamir bhai .. all the best
Aap jo bhi karenge desh hit me karenge .. .. . isi aasha ke sath desh ki kaman soupi h aapke hath .. .. bharat ko sarvoch ki taraf le jane me ek aam mahila ke nate mai aapke har faisale me sath hoo .. ..
Shakal dekhi hai es bangali ne apni yourker king bowling to karana ati nh hai esay .. India murdabad .. Pakistan zindabad
We want Afghanistan to be Observer in the BRICS Family .
Happy birth day sir ji
best of luck sapna for rio make ur position in the world sport
@BertVrijhoef @IHME_UW @TheLancet My bad ! I realized it right after I sent that . :)
I need help Please do help me
nitish keep failure ko darashata hain ki apani janata ki surksha nahi karl sakate
all the very best .. .. jai hind sweet morning bhai .. .. .
Is ka kasoor ni hy ye us era me ni khela jis me waseem akram or waqar younis khely
Haye tu itna hot q hai Yaar
Sir aap be kaise baateina kr rha Ho , do n't waste time only complete rest
@kamal4580 closing this concern for now . We will be happy to reopen this matter and process the applicable refund once we receive the invoice
salman bhai be my friend
@ashilbran I am from haryana .. . i see it .. Or u google it , or come to Haryana see it experience it
Luv u siddique bhaijaan .. i m ur hard core fan .. sallu bhaijaan jai hoo ..
I think he will give chance one day sure i feel that i believe salman sir he defienitly help his big fan he knows im his big fan bina
#SalmanKhan bhai u r too much
Just shut up #reham Jadoon pakistan not a lion that is a rat and Virat punch the pakistan
just ask each voter they want looter ?? or nation builder congress acts like obama act as the savior of humanity and annihilate the muslims to grab thier oil fields
he is m . tech from jamia milia islamia college and doing a job in delhi in private compan ¥ . Please help him bhaijaan !
@mercyfatal HIGH SPEED VOTE MANGTE H RAJ NHI SEWA ROJGAR DE SAKTE NHI CHEEN RHE H VOTE LE KR DESH PUNJAB KE MALIK BN GAYA AJIB DEMOCRACY H
Lovely all i respect all Jai hind good day
hello virat sir aap filmo me kaam kyo nai karte . ager kroge to aapki saarii films super duper hit caalegie
I need a role on this show please . No experience but i rhino i can get the lines . I want to be fighting the bad guys .
@desaisantosh @TOIOpinion Have read ur columns regularly , they are absolutely Bang on .. Love em
Congratulation team india kabaddi
Sir Take action for Bangladeshi people there so many people badly talking about india .. .. .
Ronaldo beast . burki poor
@uidairomumbai @ndtv Thank you for this prompt update . Best wishes for more such improvements .
isse acha rio me paraolympic dekhne chle jate .. unka hausla afzaai hojati .. .
Tu to nsui ka hi pilura se , yo te manne bera tha
Luv uhhh bhaiiii .. . n all the best to Manish S . Rawat
Congress and other parties has done nothing in the progress of India But PM MODI is doing hard work for India He want to represent India as a developed nation and super powered nation appreciate him
Maturity z taking responsiblity of ur action&accepting its consequence , with this logic , my 6 yrs z mature than many in 60s . #RandomThought
Hi good evening mai farnt havru nice veree cute butifull pec you post and Yesterday your bating super congratulations u mai farnt keptap
Sultan sub Sai best tha supporting main Nawaz Hota Tu Maza Aur ziada Atha
Me jarur dekhungaa ye Movie
@ranveerbrar That 's so true ! ❤
We all love you mam
@plavandoski @GenieArmy_UK Nah ! Even I kinda hated that song ! But it fits
Wow looking superb .. :)
bina virat ke India ek v match nhi jeet sakta hai . yah aaj ke match se clear ho gaya ♡♡♡
I admire Modiji 's concise targeted speech today . Jai Hind
@ZeeNews @sardanarohit two wrong never make right . Do n't behave like a idiot bhakt
Love you bhai <3 <3 <3 <3
Log aate h aur chle jate h per yad sirf Bo rah jate h Jo dil ko Chu jate h .. .
So beautiful Sir jii .. Jay hind
What would India be like today , if Congress never ruled India ?? ?? ?
@INCIndia Congress wants win 2019 then bring good pm candidates instead of Rahul Gandhi . He did n't deserve pm
NO T Avi Haters - instead we can also tell that rajini is now even known to the world better than before Now tell me - is dhoni is selfish ?? He iss selfless man - u 'll get to know , when you are matured :-D
tere ma baap ko us raat so jana chahiye tha .... 3 :)
@LtGovDelhi Good pose sir !!
ye post karke tune to #oldMonk daru ka naam bhi dubo diya
@trijata7 hi .. PM me ..
this was a great moive of baghban
Dude I've done this more than I can remember . Better to lose out than to never know ... ~ Ed
@Ahmadbilal111 Rahul Gandhi is lamest of the lot 😂
Did any PM hold such encouraging sessions for the new graduates n officers ?
you stupids have ruined india ,
Birat in Bengali means big , virat is world birat batsman , jai ho
shahrukh khan amir khan salman khan rajnikanth sir kamal hassan sir others indian film industry universal stars 50 of amitabh bachchan
Modiji leads nuclear India
piriyanka begsait good I like you
pappu you are the greatest dunghead
Those who need to be arrested walk free . #farooqui Those who need to be protected are assaulted ! #BHUClash . Terrible times to live in !
Hi sir Good afternoon sir finished your lunch sir ji .
@Ahmadbilal111 I do n't like him either , he 's too much into Gujarat nd Hinduism 😂😂 I like kejruu 😂😂😂😂😂😂 what the fuck I just said
@iamjustolena is it a brand new car ?! ❤ ️ ❤ ️ ❤ ️ ❤ ️ Honda Civic 2017 ?
I 've already memorized every single word of """" 3 idiots """" movie . ilove this movie very much . each of them has different characteristics but connected by common bond . LOVE and PASSION . Hope to see you in person mr. chanchad :-) :-) loves yah :-) Hi farhan and raju :-)
@calmwala Definitely !
Proud to be Kohli 's fan sir only one word for u its #Legend #Jai_Hind
virat kohli ko run machine kaha ja raha hai jo ki galat hai kuyki machine kharaab bhi hote hai per virat kohli nhi isseliye guys koi accha dusara naam do hamarey bhai .. .. ..
@Khalsa_Aid @ndtv and @ravishndtv how many debates and shows you did for Lankan Tamils let us know
very nice ur pic
Joy Hind . Great India
Original KB post karye gi . sita Ji ,
Resigned from @Accenture , not allowed to serve notice period ; MD - Arvind Gupta 's take awaited . @business @TheEconomist @EconomicTimes
People 's who like the virat write a and who do n't b
@SuzaneNayak That too
Pooja Naik : Check it out Radhika Ramaswamy
One day China will also fall in line with India as the time passing China will Also feel isolated and will not like world feel stand with Pakistan . Modi g is working on this line .
isiliye tum congressio ne bangladeshiyo ko india me bhar diya hai
AND YES THIS AS I CAN GIVE SUGGESTION TO HUSBAND OR SON OF THAT LADY G !! AS YES THEY SHOULD STRUGGLE !! AS U at least after 8 years maximum s
@amruthhr @vin2ktalks Got it … almost 280mb security update !! ! Considering it is x.x.n version its pretty big …
list of massacres in india - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia
jo boy sex tak phuch jae wo pyar ni kar skta ...
@timesofindia @M_Raj03 @toisports Happy movement for india and indian womens team and good news for all fans . keep going mitali . lot of love
Someone
@KapilSharmaK9 Nice
@Liaqat842 tum sahi keh rhy thy yeh zayda buri timings hain 3 wali match ki😳 subah purany office bhi jna hai kaam hai 😏
takkar de rahe he with comedy
I dont know why you are getting this award but #salman khan bhai ne apko mubarak baad di hain to apne acha kaam hi kiya hoga .. Congratulations
#346 [ M2K ]: I got a DD in HS101 becuase of a khadoos prof so I swore to take revenge someday . And so the next year when I was a sophie , I attended the HS101 endsem , found out the last roll number in Meta , added 1 more to it , created a fake name and proceeded to write the endsem full of hardcore literary porn . Instead of graphs I drew several hardcore sketches or various porn activities , and I was very proud of my newfound talent at endsem-art . Unfortunately the prof didn't give me a grade this time , ( if he did then presumably XXX would be justified )
Wow RIO me sindhu garda uda di .. . sabash
Pehli pehli bar Jab pyaar kisi se hota hai Look
ilu bhai nd im happy sultan cross 300 cr yu first actor two 300 cr movie yu are my star luv u nd gn
har dil ki chahta mile ek sacchi mohabbat
Right now : Mist , Temperature : 24.6 C , Humidity : 89% , Wind : From NNW at 0KPH , Updated : 1:54 AM #Delhi #Weather
iska dusra bhag bhi banaya jaye .. .. .. shukriya .. please do it
Congratulations Indian Kabbadi Team Good Job
Fare Forensic audit investigation to track the @EarthInfraLtd buyers advance payments . Need support @myogiadityanath @PMOIndia
You are source of inspiration to many people like .. . have learnt many things from your .. .. your presence always been an ecstatic .. ..
3 goals for Kane 😍😍 😍 and 3 points now secured #COYS
sala pyr bi aajkal bahut type ka chl raha h .... causal type
Sir Aap 1000 sal jia mary yahi kamna hi
@Supriya23bh True
Ye haryana ki jaan haryana ki shan sultan nd dangal
O bir chak ke rakh .. . vadhaiyaan te many more centuries in your records to make Indian feel proud of you n your team .
I thing it is seat doller in the future if Allah welling Modi jan
Sir you are the jhonny depp of bollywood .. .. .. versatility at it best .. .. great actor with great dedication .. . luv from #SRKian
He cries and cries and cries becoz u wnt let him do it ? Did you say you were seeing a \ """""""""""""""""""""" guy\ """""""""""""""""""""" ? ;)
@snapchatsupport Why do n’t you bring #Geofilter feature to #India ? Why is it not available for #Indian users ? #Snapchat .
Sir you are great . but you can n't score 8 run from 6 ball against wi . #respect
congratulations chiku again to help win in tim india .. but yaar playing some big shot in match . that is my humble request pleasse .
Sir u r one of the most best leader of the world jai Hind
Hey Siddharth you should 've gone for this match instead . ;)
@SukaSycho Once a while - no ; every time - yes . 😐
Bhai aisi English mein toh tera baap bhi NDA mein select naa ho sake ..!! Get a life man :-/
Kholi aap hi ho jo sachin sir ka record break kr skte ho aapp bhut accha khelte ho but mujhe Dhoni sir bhi v bhut pasand hai q ki mai bhut ranchi ka hi hu apko jitna record bnana hai app bnao pr odi captianship mt lena love you
Can someone help me out here ? I need a tat . I 'll exchange it for a tit . Tit for tat .
@virendersehwag @sachin_rt @bmwindia When it was deliver sir .. . amazon se kiya .. .
rahul u are totally failed in poltics nd because u face a great competitor narendra modi future pm
Salaam king aap sabse bada fan
Dhoni bha ji bhadia bhadia bha ji aj to hamari team samne wale team ku to sabak siikadia Pal jith hamala hua hai bhaji wo lug 1run aage pal hum 2wkt aage ap jiithe ya haare Hamesha hum apke saath bha ji By dhoni bhaji ka big fan Mohammed Usf
@sardesairajdeep That ’s what brings them the TRPs sir . Sad sad world . People like to watch melodrama rather than reality
every salman fans go & watch freaky ali in cinema theatar 9-9-16
Be yourself , no matter what others think . You have to live your life , not they .
Kohli sir you are the best and try and play till end because if you perishes there is no one who can win us a match . earlier dhoni was there but now a days age is getting on him . So best of luck for the future
Aamir sir your the best , I just eagerly wait for your film !! !! your legend !! ! bohot wait karate Ho par !! !
@RameetSandhuu beautiful
I saw the match in the stadium and i noticed that Kedar Jadhav is an amazing talent .
Chal be april mein jaa raha hoon weekends pe .. .. . Ready rehna .. ..
the end of a legend
Our best friend .. .. . Rus .
I Am Your Big Fan #Salman bhai from Pakistan .. .. May Allah remain u happy always .. . & Hopefully your next movie will successful
Bhai n bola h toh dekna padenga
@Swamy39 Sir what is your take on Yashwant Sinha 's article .
@Iam_Prerna Android
It was n’t a yellow for @lucamodric19 , the ref could n’t find anything else to get his autograph on #BVBRMA
@is_enticing Lol 😂 Ghar walon ko social platform 's se block kr rkha hai 😂
Lukaku ! What a start to the game ! Martial with the assist ! #MUFC #MUFC_FAMILY #CSKAMUN
Thank you sooo much .. .. . team India
@vin2ktalks @amruthhr Nothing here … is it coz i started from #iOS 11 beta ?? ?
We do und we need to win this game right ?? #LFC
U are great sir g
Dunedin : World Cup Kay Match Main Sri Lanka Nay Afghanistan Ko 4 Wickets Say Hara Diya , Mahela Jayawardene Nay 100 Runs Banaye
yr tabhi mene jamia miliya m adm . Nhi lia even mera entrace v clear ho gya tha bt jo v ho du iz best .. :)
U do n't deserve the army uniform man .. . u r gud as captain .. Indian govt is gng crazy .. . gv this type of promotion to those jawans who r doing extra gud to the country at the borders .. . make them officer directly they deserve
If alcohol does n't solve your problem , you are not drinking enough .
IIT Roorkee ka banda hoga ; fakka wahin use hota hai .
Hola . Claro suerteeeeee manish s . Adelante
akela kohli kb tk jeet dilata rahega ab puri ind kohli ke bhrose par tiki rahti rohit infom batsman ko baar baar chance kyou ..
modi ji namo namo
@MikaSingh Have some rest king @mikasing our punjabi sher 😍😍😍
Sab happy birthday to you sir
@thesushmitasen Love you sushmita ji .. 😘
i m bangladeshi .. . rspc kohli the great playar world .. . miss you Anuska
tumhe yaad karte karte mera hath dukh gaya xD . . The most funny yet witty dialogue . :P
@SGanguly99 dear sir let i know that you are starting a kabaddi league , Plzz sir reply
@prashanttejura 56 inch breakout 😂😂
uthen india will wining ?
Chem me furra kam dukhdaayak tha .... jo ye bhi aa gaya
Nice photo sir ji
U r a only one man 2 gv prd fl us . thanx mr. Modi
like kro page .. .. we need girl admin also
Sir , kuch Rio k liye bhi post kariye .. India pahele se hi proud hai aap par , aur jyada proud hogi mai aap par .
@suhelseth @abdullah_omar @chetan_bhagat @rishibagree @rahulkanwal Aaj ka Man of the Match jointly Rahane/Mohit/Shikhar ko dena chahiye !
@Reeeeema9_n @SemperFiUnited Nah . They will write more shit
1316 . . #male Friends ye bhudhe log bhi kitne kamine hote hai na saala kal ki hi baat hai mai metro me jarha tha , Rajeev chowk pe ek bhudhe uncle chade jo bht lean the n khada bhi ni hoya jarha tha unse unhe dkh ke mere emotions jaag gye n maine unhe apni seat offer kr di vo bht khush hue or baith gye .... next station pe ek sweet si girl chadi n mere brabar me aake khadi hogyi saale bhudhe ne use apni seat offer kr di n khud khada hogya n dur se mujhe kaatilo vali smile deta rha ... saare log mereko dekh rahe the jaise maine kuch galat kam kr diya ho ... itna bura feel hua fr lga k chal chor yar ye kalyug hai yaha bhlayi ka zmaana nahi raha hai par fr bhi bht bura lga k shayd agr mai vo seat kisi or ko deta to vo shayd esa na krta ... felt a guilt dn knw why ... :'( . . #Hansraj
I salut you . Jai hind
@BadlapurFilm dekhne ke baad aaj Hua #Badlapura Fadu performance by India ..... #IndvsSA #IndWins #CWC15
@uMAXitFootball @Rohilm05 the squad is here
@rishibagree But i heard this for grand father .. 😀😀😀😁😁😂
@aSealontheloose Seconded . How 's the DH ? Still in Pos t-t ransfer seasono lull ?
@pewdiepie Do some omegle videos
@i5achin i thought so ;)
@RailMinIndia #12231is getting stopped on every stations , since departure from Lucknowcat 22:30 . 01 Alam Nagar 02 . Kakori 03 . Malihabad ?
@MikaSingh Wish you good health @MikaSingh 💐
ek haseen ladki raja ke darbar
i love to breathe in the morning sunlight it feels so full of positivity
@BrendanFonseca @tterIndia No one was refused to admit but asked to wait for ICU only bcoz of unavailability .
Their sub still not ready . Fuckin Russian cunts .
only Bhai .. .. is being H
mera bharat mahan , NAMO iski shan
@TheRainPoet And pecks .
big b ji ko janamdin ki anek anek subhkamnae ..
You are absolutely incredible
It is never copied for any one .. 2 difference person great in Indian land . One of rajini sir cinema actor and another person the great indian captain ..
Dhoni is the best captian in team india also best finisher he is the real sportsman and he is great
@jaydeep_jhala @M_Lekhi @nsitharaman @smritiirani Unfair comparison . :) lot to learn from these stalwarts
@askGST_GoI I am unable to edit/Revise TRAN1 . there is a edit button but that is not functional . Please help
Mubarak ho saman bhai how r u
Bahut sahi kha sir
Padma Bhushan Hindu scholar , Dr David Frawley who is an American citizen has pointed out danger of Christian missionaries against Hinduism in his recent interview . Pope also accepted that significant amount of money is being sent to india for conversion purposes . When great Hindu Saint Asharamji Bapu tried to stop this assault on Indian culture than Christian leader Sonia Gandhi sent him behind bars . after the change of regime Hindus hoped that there great Saint will return but it seems that BJP is working alongside missionaries otherwise why would they ignore advise of senior BJP leader Dr. Subramanian Swamy who studied the case and said it was bogus . How much money Amit Shah and Modi has taken to keep Bapu behind bars ?
virat , nice to see you at home ,,,, our vikaspuri is now famous ,,, lots of people from all over india coming to see you ,,, thanks a lot to make us so special
Mainy mainy happy returns of the day . Sir aap ko janam din ki hardik bhadai
tu bus smile de aur yahan pe hum pareshan abe itna b mt kr kuch money garibon besahsron ko de de
I love 3 idiots , important message , salam from spain
@virendersehwag @sachin_rt @bmwindia My all time favorite viru
#LFC 2017 under klopp . Defender 's can n't defend . Keepers are arse . Forwards can n't score enough . CMs are donkeys . Rest all good .
Moohi koti ka bacha tum par lanat hi lanat hsi gandu aao pakistan to ma ap ko apna lund chupauo ga moodi gandu
Sir nowadays it 's hard to find such a good leader like you
Modiji u r always looks at camera .. .. pls dont focus only on camera .. .
Congratulations sir putin .. . . Sir modiji , In past and present says Russia 's heartly friend is India ,,, . but not Amarica .
Loved messy hair M trying for it Arguably u r far better than sachin Basis on how many matches u hv won for country I never seen sachin that confident Still respect for sachin
Sir , Congrats on 13 years of ' BAGHBAN ' , Awesome film . Love & Respect
@SergioRamos Thank you Captain . ❤ ️
Hero of ajay thakur
you are amazing #VAI
hiii sir
Har Har Modi Ghar Ghar Modi , Doing wonderful job as PM , Best PM after 1947
@UN @UNHumanRights More importantly , the silent OIC ( Organization of Islamic Countries ) needs to act . #RohingyaCrisis
very very achha sir :-)
@akashbanerjee U r neither funny nor intelligent . Really bad n pathetic video . Modi ko gaali de kar apna ghar chalata hai . Really shallow
Nice Job sir ji
@ibs_mumbai : I can n't access attendance and evaluation details from SIS . I can able to login but can n't go further !
We love u Sir .. .
Superb pic bhaijaan Uff mashallah hats of bhai
@yadavakhilesh Keep MOVING
@MarcBenamram no other players at disposal .. . just look at the subs 😩
Truly the Queen !
@ZoomTV On a scale of 1 to 10 , she is 11
Congrats india . ajay performance is very well
@lo_graham I really miss you and your vlog very much 💙💙💙💙
Kya ap mujhe se shadi ma sura
we are waiting bhaijaan
FB 1499 - """" Ab nahin toh kab """" .. I support and work for this .. will you ??
@ola_supports it seem that driver is doing right but you guys are compelling them to do so
@FullFrontalSamB noone cares til she runs for office . then shit will fly
Congrats to India team
@jimanish Yup . There was haze in the air last night . That said , Delhi 's winter could be beautiful but for Diwali morons etc .
sab ke najro mein girtey q hai
kasme wade pyar wafa sab wade h wado ka ky
#213 : We used to go to the top floors in MB and spit down the middle of the pool to see who would make it all the way down and once we blew up a condom and sent it down too .
congress ke zol bas ek namo ka gol
vapas chalu karwaaoo yaar
@inZAYN I want one .. .. 😕😩😩
I have no words to praise your hardwork and dedication towards our nation . We all Indian love you so much .. .. jai Hindustan ..
@rsprasad Blockchain in land registry , remittance , supply chain , healthcare will completely transform the way transactions are done
@UPGovt Where to find these districts ?
Put Studg central .. off Firmino In OX
If virat Kohli has million fan .. u guys are one of the chutiya person in the world .. .. ha ha ha ha
Happy barthday amit ji
Congratulations to all India team for this victory
DD EE FF :D
Freak kya hota hai :) sanki type
Lotus looks perfect background with each symbolic colour representation . #India in centre with saffron colour .
bakwas film thi bhi ye
Is kohli ko hmaray shahzaday se milatay hai aray ye to us ki jhooti ke dhool jesa hai shayed us se b kam
Modi ji mp ke cm sir ko bolna mpeb ke baki h unko bhi anukampa niyukti do na hamane kya kiya h ki hamko itna time lag raha h plz modi ji kuch karo ab bohot time ho gya h 3 se dharna chalu h or aj bhi chal raha h plz pm sir garibo ki sun lo na ab
Seriously , this is the highlight of your life ?
No Risk , No Game ! Keep it Up !
dukh mein sab mukh modenge
@Inblufootwear A1 ) D ) Lord Shiva #inblufootwear #NavratriContest
SULTAN DEKHA ACCHA LAGHA SALMAN VAI . BEST OF LUCK . HAVE A NICE EVENING VAIJAAN .
@oaknilesh @narendramodi @ashabhosle @Samscope @Mandaroak78 @ShriprasadMH12 @LillyMaryPinto Agree
kisi k pass bhi lafj nhi hai is khiladi ki potential bayan krne k liye ..
i bet we 're gonna get go go fun version in Halloween costume this year
Iam proud of ms dhoni you are the best captain in whole world
Phatakhe to Hum hi Fodenge iss baar bhi . Indian Team Breaking the Jinx . #IndvsSa
I am your big fan .. . but face tumhara baandron jesa hi hy lol
salman bhaijaam plz wathch my video sultan trailot
Sab Ali Freak hote hain
You are great Sir
@_dishapatani Nice
modi i don't have fear of death
@ThatGuyTipsterr Never trust isreal league .. they all r sucking
Jitna vaha par please .. kyoki jab India harti he to maja nahi atta ..
esn accha nhi kiya virta paji .. .. he bolwed yestarday in single ball .. ..
Fouriers stalkers . Only in IIT .
they 're so lucky to have met you !! !
Very nice big b
yes , but all the madarsha must be shut to stop jehad training
u r superb sir lv u gud nyt
Aaj modi ji Ne apney puraney dost ko dobara unsey Jud key bahut badiya kiya Russia humara sucha mitr hai america palt bhi jaye PR Russia khudda rhega india ke SAA th
Nothing could be better then this for sindhu
@Dawoodnusrat bus office he hn , Sat thora thanda hota hay kaam k point of view say you know :)
why u no entertain now ???
According your statement you should n't celebrate this Diwali .
how are you ? sallu ji
@WhoSunilGrover is this video dedicate to @KapilSharmaK9
I love this Captain Dhoni . Jo haari huyi baazi ko jeetna jante hai .
How did this get published ?
Salman ne kaha hai tu dekhy gain
I hate this stupied famle BCs she never respect her husband shohib ko kick mrni chiy
FM @arunjaitley , Chief Executive of Afghanistan Abdullah Abdullah to inaugurate India-Afghanistan Trade and Investment Show in #NewDelhi .
Let 's cheer for Laxmirani Majhi #RioOlympics2016 #MakeIndiaProud
fattu tu apne page k link bta dekh tere page ka kya hoga :p Ye d.u k members ki unity h koi #Chu **yapa nhi h
Very nice Indian queen
Kohali 100 is for her , sachin 100 is for himself but Dhoni ji aapki 6 is for all ind
kal jodhpur mai vishnoi samaj ne case reopen ki rally lagai .. at high court jodhpur #salman khan sir
This Chinese has fake smile Supporter of terrorists
Sir hum app ki huhat azat karte hein app jase log ye india pak jang ko hatam kerwa sakte hein
@itsmeAnmol @thara_gopalan @bindaas_bol @RohiniShah1 @kajal_jaihind Now I challenge you to counter me with hard facts not farts .
May his soul forever rest in peace .. . may God keep and protect his family in his hands during this time .. .. RAB RAKHA !!
Tony Martial scores again .. 🎶 #MUFC #UCL
shoib akhtar sy koi pochay usny umar akmal ya afridi k catch drops py ek lafz nae kaha ?? bas misbah aur waqar sy bughz nikalny betha hua hai
@tterIndia @ood_sigmaa @bhak_sala @AltNews @abpnewstv Come out of your cave already . 😂
happy Diwali Priyanka .. . May u prosper and be happy and make us more proud
MACHI HAPPY FRIENDSIPDAY ILIK PHOTO WE ARE ALL INDIAN FRIEND
Re Sultan Kar de Chadai Re sultan kar de chadai Owsame movie sir watched 4 time
“ Repetition is the mother of learning , the #father of #action , which makes it the architect of accomplishment . ” @TheZigZiglar #Leadership
He is helping me out since 2nd sem :D . how can i forget to thank him 11
@cricketingview Wonder it is some EPL - English cricket or Brit sports in general theory ? Have been on this hypothesis for a while now
I do n't get why the hell are Katrina fans sad ? I mean , its been an year and half since they broke up so .. .
This is example of confidence .. . Jo actors 50 ki umar me bhi fit he .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. . hatts off
"""""""""""""""""" @AaronCBaker @theMrMobile """""""""""""""""""""" Stay mobile , Aaron """""""""""""""""""""" - Michael Fisher """"""""""""""""""
@TajinderBagga Pls aware those villagers where he lied so that those ppl come to know truth of RG & Congress .. Jhoot bol kar vote lenge ..
Miranda chodkr kuch or discussn b krlo kyu paka rhe ho subah se campus me or b clg h uff ...
@aleysha110 Let me know about it fantasy first
@nitin_gadkari who is responsible 4 the people who died due to pits on roads ? Data says more than 38000 people died in 2016-17 in india . Sad
Nice looking thala u
Good Morning !! ! Virat the Cricket Samrat great going , very well played . A in-detail observation , a brilliant description of our Captain MSD & VK going strong with their partnership alongside brilliant team lead by HC India Anil Kumble , by our 4C Specialist Mentor VVS worth the read . Look forward for yet another win to follow in Ranchi today . All the very best """" Team India """" great day , everyone . Keep Rocking !! ! :)
My dear the fame is enough for now because you are not growing any younger . You need a family and it will be your success for life .
Good job Bhai Salman Bhai
@mokha_singh Let barking dogs bark
bhai app ke jaisa koi nahi world best player I lve uuuu bhai
Come to New Zealand Priyanka ? it 's beautiful .
Salman g ur hair now flying so u doing marrige
High time .. start living yor life rather dn his ...!
then what is this ?
Have u ever seen diamond saying thanku for its shining .. .. . Thanku to you for making india this much of proud virat bhaiya :)
@aadiivaasii That was me there .. you could have asked .. . 😊
he was my favorite singer
his all songs r hit n meaningful may his soul rest in peace
Oh sweethrt missing u sho muxchhhhh luv u so much
Jail is not a gud place .. . do logon ke picha kyu para
Sultan movie bohot sare athletes ko inspire karega bhai .. ..
Luv u bhai .. . u are doing wonderful job for our country .. .. . Luv . u .. keep doing it ..
East & West Shree Narendra Damodar Daas Modi is best
meri aawaaj hi pahachaan hai
love u abotum hi
Sahi wala such .. .. its r8
you know that virat is very intelligence and he was attractive he was a lot of badhai
Sir aapse pahle desh ke liye sochne itna wale manniya pradhanmantri na hue na honge sir aapko koti koti pranaam .
Respect _/\\_ !
i love you my sweetheart
@AmarUjalaNews absolutely right sir .. . u going good congress will back in 2019 with a huge vote .. ..
Beautiful , Intelligent , super successful not only in Modelling , Movies , TV commercials here in in India but in Hollywood too .. not every Indian model turned actress from India can think of of what you have achieved so far .. loved your work in India & in the Hollywood .. You always make us proud , no words can explain what you mean to us .. Way to go girl .. Love ya loads .. Your Lifetime Fan ;-)
@trollabhakt Any vul ?
other parties r afraid of namo
thankgod me bach gai waheguru thnkjuu sare engineer dhakke kha rahe hai ajkal kutto ki tarah .. 3 lo sci na na llo or lo
Let our p m Narendra modiji 's efforts regarding fight against terrorism be resolved unanimously by all the brics country 's heads . jayaho modiji !
#197 : # Just want to get this off my chest . I haven't expressed my feelings to anyone . . . I was coordinator of MI 2012 . Right from the beginning i worked with true enthusiasm , dedication and passion . During MI OC elections , I was considered a very strong candidate for CG as people appreciated my work a lot . Somehow I wasn't selected as a CG member . I literally cried thebwhole night when results were declared .. I just want to ask one question , is this what one gets for true hard work and dedication ? I don't have any regrets regarding working hard for MI . The memories I have gathered will be cherished for life . I know some people in thebcurrent team who don't give a fuck about about MI . Now they have become CG members and it's their job to make MI happen . If a person is sentimental about something definitely he'll be contributing a lot more towards the goodwill of MI . Quality of MI is degrading just because of these people who work just for the sake of PR .. Anyways i'll always be there whenever MI team needs me . Best of luck to new team MOOD INDIGO 2013 . Take MI to a higher level this time .
@SoniaGandhi_FC Many many returns of the day of mr Manmohan Singh Jee .
New Zealand apka kalka hundred miss kardiya . karon o team Jada run karta nahihe . usi bajache mera dada ko one century miss hoga . I am hopefully tum agla match may hundred karogi . jio dada Jio .
@deb_guin @Bhawna_Sharma Agreed !!
@AnuvabPal Oh because of your age ? @kunalkamra
badhia bhai mujhe apna b 'day pe nahi bulaya
Itni khushi itni khushi 😭 . I have no idea what to do ! That's how champions play . #IndvsSA #CWC15 #MaukaMauka #BleedBlue #Respect
@GuyKawasaki we wish if you can be our Video Call Speaker for E-Merge 3.0 @IMI_Emerge - The startup Confab on Oct 28th . Request u to accept .
#RahulNRIComment We hv still a lot 2 learn frm Mr RG , whether it is G.K. or History , and I was thinking a fool at forty is a fool forever .
Actually this was one of our illustrious aero seniors before you guys joined the wing ;)
You know what Rewatching some #JNDSD epi does .. it makes you love & Hate yourself at the same time For Loving them So deeply .. 😫 #ViTharv
Pic taken after the ceremony , the smile says it all . thanks to all the instructors at PTS Agra
Movie ka name kia he mujhe Hindi nahi ati
@BucketheadCase Haha . I thought it was referring to some people but koi nai
Wish i could see you by my eyes live .. .. looking tooooooo much gorgeous
c is 36 but always luk lik 26 ( y ) .. really superb priyanka ji
Bhai . You are great .. but dhadi white ho gyi h , color kra lo .. .
@shivinmathur Man this show is lit .
@bwoyblunder Yeh toh opposition ke haat se bat cheen ke apne hi bowling pe chakka maane ke barabar hau ROFL
GAO ME SAUCHALE BANANE KE LIYE PAISE TO MILTE HAIN LEKIN PAISE LENE KE LIYE PAISE DENE PADTE HAIN . AFSER UPER SE EHSAAN BHI JATATE HAIN .
Many many return of the day binod sir apko r sirji ko mera pranam
Let us build more nuclear reactors in collaboration with world leaders in Nuclear power technology . We must sort out land acquisition issues in a time bound manner in consultation with the respective State Governments , so that , the foreign companies gets sufficiently interested in setting up of the Power plants in collaboration with our companies with minimum time lag . Sir , kindly allot the funds mobilized under the recently concluded IDS & the spectrum auctions to set up Nuclear power plants & the solar power to help the country in further industrialization with green power . Cheaper & assured power will make our goods & services more competitive in the International markets . The Left parties & their cronies will make all hue and cry & try to stall the land acquisition by inciting the local population . Let us not deterred by such obstacles in our determination to make the Country an Economic power in the next 7 years . This can only happen under YOUR leadership . Your vision & hard work will definitely yield handsome gains to the Nation in the next 7 years & I am sure this Government at the Center will be in Power for the next 20 years to make all Indians PROUD . Jai Hind .
@BajajAllianzLIC No they have not .
And u go one day very ahed
The best friend with Narendra Modi
@birenbshah2017 abm and nitin fire interesting
india ka guroor bhi ho .. . har dil ka suroor bhi ho .. i love u my bro viraaat
Pradeep narwal rising star
Kabhi kabhi meri dil me khayal ata hai ki agar indian cricket me virat nahi hote to indian cricket ka kya hota .. .
@taapsee all the best for Judwa 2 Love You Mam -Fan from New York
@JioCare there is a lot of call disconnect automatically and internet speed is slow . Pathetic
ok love u jaan
Hi Sweetie . we do need people to inspire us !
Group sapna Group India Best off luck sapna .
@ArvindKejriwal @msisodia @LtGovDelhi people of karawal nagar living life of insects . Nothing for them . Worst transportation and basic need
MODI JI PM .. . 2014 , 2019 , 2024 , 2029 .. .. koi nehi rok pyaga ..
bhagwan unki aatma ko shanti pradan karen
Super VIRAT LOVE U SO MUCH samma ur the best indian cricketer I LOVE U DRR VIRAT
@TCGEHLOT @AnupriyaSPatel Navratra 's Special attention to all Divyangs by a brave Woman to her constituency as well nation .
Lion of India my prime minister modi .
"""""""""""""""""" @JasonSensationX That means """""""""""""""""""""" Fucked """""""""""""""""""""" in hindi . Lol """"""""""""""""""
The legend Shri Amitabh BACHAN
Sacha sathi wo hota he jo antim yatra tak safar me sath de jo natak karta he wo to bicha rasteme hi uttar jata he
Kohli sir true patriot .. n .. U hav it in u to carry the burden of expectations of millions of cricket crazy fans like us following the great leniage of legends i.e of kapil pa ji , then the god of cricket the mr. tendulkar , our very own dhoni sir .. . n .. now u .. . yipee proud n respect .. V . K is on indian side .. .
sir ji namasety very excellent photo
That 's time Sachin this time you memorable mind blowing inning mere bhai . God bless u lageraho kelte raho
Poster dekh k lgta h #Aamir sir ladkiyo k father bne hue h , or ladkiyo ko kushti k liye idol bne hue h .. .
If you do n't do stupid things while you 're young , you 'll have nothing to smile about when you 're old .
Why is it that when a boy tries to have \ """""""""""""""""""""" fun\ """""""""""""""""""""" , he is called a \ """""""""""""""""""""" player\ """""""""""""""""""""" or \ """""""""""""""""""""" tharki\ """""""""""""""""""""" but if a girl does the SAME thing , she is called a \ """""""""""""""""""""" slut\ """""""""""""""""""""" ?
Its jst a mirage ..... Koi love shove essa ni hota !!!!
Two great leaders meet
I have a work in sawach bhart misson
Ajaychhimpa9 Hi Ajay . We 'd like to move the conversation to DM . Please follow us and let us know when you have . #Google
Who else hates the new Siri voices ? #iOS11
@PritiMandal7 I got to know today only abt this news . gande gande serials rkhe hue h BT ache serials SE inhe prob h @StarPlus
@kannagii Nice one @kannagii 👍👍👍
@amitbhawani Add +1 View
Very good priynka jer
super kick it should be final kick
New Shit On The Way . * Bankroll Fresh Voice *
Albert Aloysius ahem ahem ...
lage rahiye bade bhai sab accha hi hoga
@zaynmalik you 're the king 🙌🏻 #DTD100Million
Time will heal my friend !! cheer up !
@TheSheBhat How are you doing it 😭 I can n't bring myself to watch anything else !
@bluntfactor Hahahah do n't know who he is or what he said but definitely gonna use this someday Such a good burn 😂
We want the #Paytm ODI Trophy also .. . Indian Cricket Team Best of luck
msg pura pardna mene toh apna vover photo bhi tumhara rakha hu or rakhta rahunga bhaiiiiiiii
Heart touching movie baghban
Dear sir , pleased stop killed Bangladesh border our farmer . today your b s f killed one farmer in Bangladeshi border . why .?
Sahi kaha aap ne sir
All the very best for both Nations .. . Jai Hind
@TheRajatCode Cuttayyyy ❤ ️ ❤ ️
If you are attending #APIWorld17 in #BayArea , do n't leave the venue without learning about #API #Gateway #iPaaS #integration made easy !!
manmohan ki is naponsak sarkar ka time kaya
General ka Kush socho sir govt job m pze .. .. .. ans pm sir
kuc lokeson assam ka vi lena
Respected Madam , plz express your concern over such love for the innocent animals in the Bakra Eid too .. . What do you think Arpit bro ?
today on nh22 around 12 army vehicle , 10 government and private buses , 10 tourist vehicle and around 50 private vehicles were kept stranded from 11 pm today .. because of around 3m rock slide .. . GREF workers kept on working till 9 pm .. after that they gave up inspite of having 8 machinery .. they left everyone stranded at night with no option at all .. . theres only one small village which cant accommodate all these people .. it was better when private companies were working
Love uoy amit sar ji
Misba ne shami to toda . twitter pe sannaata
@akyiitg Kindly share the booking id or contact no . used while booking to resolve it for you . Thanks , SS
M the only one jo 30 September ka wait kr rha hu #ms_movie
Ravi Kumar hostel 15 mei ladko ladkiyo ko milne wala hai ... kuch dino ka intezaar karlo ....
Don't get into such complicated issues when you don't have the balls to face the consequences .
Wow very nice move sir ji and you r to good job
FYI phir se bata raha hu , Pakistan ne WC me India ke samne match to kya toss bhi nahi jita hai . #IndvsPak #CantBeatIndia #CWC15
Sir , It is our pleasure to have a bold , decision making prime minister like u . We feel protected under your confidence and positiveness . Kondakulam3&4 in Tamil nadu is a welcome decision . Also S400 antimissile purchase from Russia is a good decision . We feel proud of ur foreign policy and the way u isolate the terrorist state Pakistan . We the resident of BharatMata are behind u .
Aamir sahab great .. . Bollywood main sirf Aap aur Salman sir h jo mujhe Cinema Hall tak khich late ho
Hdh h tumhe intrest tha us grl mein tbi uski help ki usne kbi kaha wo lyk krti h . To bs use kyu keh rhe ho ki use kra h tumhe .
Congrats team india on being kabaddi champion 2016
Putin , a big fan . Keep doing the good work .
After Independence for the first time we are seeing that instead of Bharat getting coloured in other colours , others are getting into Bharat ' s colour .. .. . well done Modiji .
sir or kintne ase politics hoga .. .. .
dalig muje bu ge kya
@kiranraza_01 It was a blunder from #MaleehaLodhi which people of Pakistan are proud off .. . world is laughing at Pakistan
Nation feel good when they see Doval next to you .. Both of you are highly experience in your area .. ..
Very bad decision not to change the parity between the servicemen and bureaucats . Its the servicemen who are dying everyday on the borders unlike the bureaucats who are sitting in their cosy rooms . Give the servicemen respect due to them .
Bhai toh bhut accha khelta h .. .. lekin pic me chutiya lag raha h .. . yahi such h
Looking sexy my dear
But I enjoye de lucky day most .. .
Hey ModiJi , what do you doing here ? What is this Heart Breaking Performance ? ModiJi you just do the Heart Making performance only .. . Go on and keep Showing your Care on your people , We Love You ModiJi .. .
@IndianExpress You have to pay the price for electing him 😃 dont complain please .
Virat mane milestne virat means champion .. .. . virat the real hero .. ..
message me . would probably be able to help you out .
Pak India friendship Zindabad .. . love u virat Kohli respect from Pakistan . .. .. ..
please Subscribe to my YouTube Channel ( Technical Zeya Ji ) Click here to this link youtube.com/c/TechnicalZeyaJi
Ksun banega crorepati sir
Dear Prime Minister please replace those statues with bigger figures cause according to me it looks very small wyhenever you are with our guests .
do you love cycling kholi sir
Kadar Khan ji kae Lea Allah unki magfirt farmaye ameen
Thanks Dear SV Komate for liking my opinion on the PMs post .. .. best regards
Many many returens of the day and happy dasharha
Hii sir its honourable to have you as our pn u r doing n amazing work your policies are awesome but i could like to draw your attentio towards tere applicability also i could just wana convey that tere applicabilty is as equall imp as tere formatio
India ’s competition is not Pak but China . Pak is a proxy state , as a nation its already isolated , even China not indulging in Kashmir issue .
Jha dal dal par sonay ki chiriya karti hai basera voo bharat desh hai tera , Ai hai meri jaan bharat
Hi virat .. . I am Herbalife member . R u rely take healthy shake . uploading you 're shake pic
bhaiijaan we love u
@MrsGandhi Thank you So Much Preeti ji Your wishes mean a Lot 😊
mera oura comment aap k SAVE GIRL CHILD PE milenga PLZ usse PURA PARDNA me garanty lata hu aap ko wo comment accha nahi bhot accha lage gaaaaaaaa
@BrennenTaylor @EltonCastee Be prepared 😈😈
1-1 draw cant even beat the Russian farmers ffs . So much disappointed 😭😤😠
@bishnoikuldeep Great gesture from you .
UR SO GREAT MAN SIR JI
Well Darn .. salman bhai
a positive change
Love u bhai <3
Thanks god to give a PM like Modiji . i pray god to extend his life for longer by shortening mine .
When will @swachhbharat mission move from tokenistic roadside cleaning phot o-o p to dealing with issues like manual scavenging ? @narendramodi
@mikyroxx @Deewalia Thank me when it ’s done
@kamal4580 HI Kamal , since we have not received the invoice from you , we are unable to process refund of the cost difference . We are hence
Hureh im so happy congrats champ for u super 85 runs keep it up
50% off majaa a gyaaa love beinghumancloting and we love Salman Khan :-) thanks Indore walo k liye eid ka tofaa :-) :-) :-)
@asadshan @iamsrk @KajolAtUN @karanjohar She is very cute
🎉 Wish you very happy birthday mouni Roy 🍰🎂🎂🎂🎂🎉
BJP led NDA launched public welfare schemes like Jan Dhan , Ujjwala Gas Yojana , Saubhagya , PMAY to empower and improve millions of lives
Proud fan .. .. .. I LOVE PRIYANKA CHOPRA
dkhiye mam ladkiya bi kch kam ni hoti kai ladke aise bi hai ki jo aise ladkiyo se bi shadi karte hai jo pregnant ho nd unke bacho ko apna naam dete hai ur jindagi bhar khun pasina 1 krke use apne bache ki tarah palte hai ...... so respect both a girl or boy
@VB_P Bhai Black always 🤣🤣
Ashok Kumar Sahoo : Here is a link , in case you are not above plagiarizing ;-) . . http://shunya.typepad.com/shunyas_blog/2006/11/a_day_trip_to_m.html
Sir aap movie ka name pink kyu kiye .. .. . sb movies P name pe kyu he aapki .. .? ??
Aamir ji hume b 1 chance de do
Priyanka Chopra , What is your typing speed ?
@sardesairajdeep @IndiaToday Time to sack the #Presstitutes
#StateOfTheNation New mafia ( s ) , new threats ; the citizens toil on . Fear is the key ,,,
We need a store in guwahati too
Saharanpur ( UP ) me bhi khol do .. .
Went to #TizHizariCourt today . Sad state of affairs with the #infrastructure of the #IndianJudiciary in #2017
Salman ji msg dekte ho or haste ho sirf
India 's security concerns are justified & #RohingyaMuslims must be deported ASAP . What more now ? 👇 #RohingyaHinduMassacre #RohingyaHafizLink
@MumbaiPolice Thank you for the reply . The local police where helpful .
#328 : One hot night during summer vacation , my wingmates and I were sloshed . The chootiyas somehow bet me to walk past H-11 at 3am wearing only a bedsheet like a monk's robe , and stark naked underneath . I was a bigger chootiya to accept the bet . I was sozzled anyway . One of my wingmates waited at the Staff Hostel on his bike . At 3am , I walked out of H-4 stark naked with the sheet on and ran like the wind . When I reached the bike he gave me the finger and rode off , leaving me nanga in a bedsheet , to walk to H4 past either H1 route or H5 route . Bastard .
Firmini better score a winner now .. horrible all now .. redeem urself pls #LFC
oyeeeee Light Aaaagai ... pehli baar light aane ki itni khushi hui hai BC #INDvsSA
@JamesPearceEcho What a shame
HAPPY BIRTHDAY Sir ji
Beby dulhan ke rup me katil lag rahi hooooooo
Looking , so .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. Pr aapke dadi is unofficially biggest in this world
@NewEverestNew @Gotham3 Agree with your point , the one who is not accepting the new research , always beware of them
yar delhi me match Saturday ya sunday ko rkha karo taki me stadium aa sku :D
Happy diwali to you ma laxmi ji bless you and grow up you whole life
sweettt aamir and sweett girl . very good photo . woww our style is very good . I love you please answer meee
waiting for Aamir bhai
Thank you sir a se move k lea
Dangal ki dhamal ! Dekhenge December mai !
@mmp1171 Myanmar army is killing people from decades . Now they are becoming refugee . \\\\
Dangal Ke poster hai sir aap pasan koring gi kya asa poster ko
dil garden gardn kr diya yai likh kr luv for parents <3
Awooo salman bhai kbi pakistan awo na
Mukader ka sikander only amit g that is movie zindgi to bewafa hai ik din tukraye gi mout mahbooba hai sath la kar jaye gi nice song
Half time goes belongs to #realmadris #UCL #HalaMadrid
#201 : Why do IITB guys always wear weird clothes and chappals ???
Salman Bhai , you should promote shivvay .. .
we salute your work dedication and sir indian army pe phir attack ho gya hai
@arjunk26 yes ur event pics are just soo fab could n't take my eyes off u even for a min . Keep smiling baby each day
He was a villain in some films but he made me laff in Lagaan . All I got to say is Sun mitwa sun mitwa tuj ko Kya darr ha ray Yeh dharti apini hai Tu Swarg ma vas ja Ray
Man toh krta hai sab utha Lu !! ! Itna bada dil hai aapka toh free me Ku nei dete ?
Super looks sir ji . Wonderful . OLD is gold sir ji . Love you
"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""" I know the guy you crush on really well . """""""""""""""""""""" """""""""""""""""""""" Oh , which one ? There are too many of them """"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""
Salman khan ji l love you ji
Best of luck manish s rawat ji .. .. .. . love u dr salman bhaiya .. .. .. .
Gautam Gahlawat : if u knw what i want to point out . still dont get it ?? hint - ur dp
I love you so muchhh
Fuck fuck fuck fuck
cockroaches ko raat ko baygon ka bharta khila dene ka
@htTweets Well done bhai
undoubtedly s r k rokx
Jo toss jita wohi match jitegaaaaa ! #HumIndiaWale #BleedBlue #WeWontGiveItBack #IndvsPak 💃💙🇮🇳
Bhai plz bhai ek bar dekhne ka mauqua de dijye , hath jodti hu apke aage .
Virat I 'm your up to date fan Baaki saary expire date fan Hit like if u r up to date fan Otherwise u r expire fan
Sahil Thakur Ansh Tehlan Sohil Lamba when everything goes exactly planned according to yr schedule and with 500% proper diet changes are made within week that 's called advanced level training guyz bcz muscle maturity is highly insane it responds very quick .
Luk again outt balle oye .... dil khush krta #IndvsSA #CWC15
Congratulations team india .. . ✌
@SidShra_ki_pari thanks very much it means a lot to me i added you too because you are the best friend i have ever known love you ❤ ️ ❤ ️😭😊
Do you think , can one Chaiwala and his Kaitle ( Jaitley ) can run the economy of the biggest democracy of the World @OfficeOfRG @BJP4India
No word ve left in d dic .. .. . u r just superbbbbb .. ..
VERY NICE PICS SIR BEAUTIFUL LOOKING
@bombaywallah @atiyaz They are not GURU .. .. they are GURUGHANTAL .
A most welcome idea and plan to have arranged the BRICS meeting this time in INDIA and that in Goa . Hope very good results . God bless you MODI JEE .
@ladywithflaws Kya bakchodi hai yeh ? @ICC high on weed or what ?
Not Winning This I 'm Afraid
Thanks Dear Dhruv for supporting my opinion on Nuclear Energy .. .. . With best regards
It is good that it happened now not too late .
Congrats to @KingSalman his Highness and the entire adminstration #SaudiWomenAllowedToDrive .
Hamare . City . Me . Cinema . Nahi . H . Ji . So . What . Is this ji
It 's showing your hardwork & dedication sir Aamir khan so much respect for you waiting for your movie dangal
Wow very nic pc ji
Nothing Everyday life Some time start Smile , and then cry and Then Silence Its the Cycle of Life .. .. Intelligent You Are ! Sir and thank you ! Life its a Chakra of Being this type of matter in magic !! Believe I believe in you Superstar ! Why you Superb Cultivating .. . Its Thank you Sir ! My Pray for You !! !!
All time head soft you our gret gret super star(god ) . pm HK to asi .
I did this twice , by getting a ' pink ' slip after convincing the doc that I ' fainted '
Same old story
so wot was supposed to happen next ??. U make it sound like U planted RDX in the lab or something !!! I dont get U , man !
sir ji jai ho !
@Hemalathanarne @Vaidyvoice Goodnight .
congress / upa sarkaar , unnao ki baat chodo , aur chunav ke bare me socho jai namo
Ye virat kohli ke name pe kon h .. Jo bewkuf bnaa rha h sbko .. Who are you man .. .?
Laggan was the first Bollywood movie I saw . This actor added humor to a serious story . I am sure he will be missed .
what happened to your right hand priyanka chopra ?
Boy : Tum Ladki Ho Ke Sharab Peeti Ho ?? Awesome reply by Girl : To Kya 2-4 Peg Ke Liye Gender Change Karwaun ???
Great keep neutrality and peace with strength with all nations .
Wow , just when you think she could n't get hotter ! And I mean that in the most Complimentary and unsexist way possible .
Veryy nice Sir jii .. you r Kohinoor in bollywood industry ., gudd evn
We are with you sir .. .. , .. aap khade ho gaye hai , to line ab apne aap bn jayegi .. .. .
Aap ka love story flim kab aaega
another great loss may his soul rest in peace love his songs
hmmmm .. .. foreign land .. .. . hmmmm .. .. . #TuesdayThoughts
@CelkonMobile #CelkonCheers4India Ab toss jita hai Ab match bhi jitenge
Great we are great welcome honourable Russian president mr. Viladimir puttin
@efdotes Memories that involves all the emotions .
@PLFanzones @Everton finds a new #Niasse . @RonaldKoeman needs work on it
mai aap ka wait krungi ok plz come to allahabad plzzz iam verry big fan i love you
Wooo sir ji u r god gifted
@jetairways @KismiBar @LilMissDoubtful @junkkDNA @DanceEatRepeat Kindly let us know the details required by you to claim the prize
accha i should sleep , kaal office hai :(
So beautiful my pppppppp . c
All the best bhaijan
Hum to bas apke fn hai you looking v . Handsome
modi ji aap jo desh ki suracha ke liye jo v hathiyar kharid rahe hai ab se aap un hathiyaro ko khud se kese bana sake uska tech nik kya hai esa sab pe aap jada jor dijiye our paiya bachaeye
#337 : In my freshie year , I had to get back at a chootiya prof in chem lab . I peed into a Bisleri bottle and sneaked it into the lab . At an opportune moment , I emptied it into a conical flask and a beaker and kept them in 2 corners of the lab . The Bisleri bottle was left on the prof's desk . Nobody has a clue what happened next !
you are great vai
manna dey ji ki awaz hamare bich hamesha zinda rehega
Sir I am jasvinder singh saini you 're welcome India is comining happy Diwali
#WestBengal : Gorkha Janmukti Morcha to suspend indefinite shutdown in #Darjeeling hills from tomorrow .
@teloogoo Arrest the temple trustees and priests immediately ! Do not privilege religion over womens honour !
Thanks a lot to out Honorable PM .
Lagta he sir mujhe chance denge kabhi na kabhi to wo mere writting skill ko pahechante he mujhe lagata he he will help me
I like there indian type dressing . thanks to all our guest , and awalys welcome .
@ZeeTV @zeecinema @iamsrk @excelmovies @RedChilliesEnt Ohh i missed it
Mahi ap kuch nayA karte he .. may be axar patel try to open with rohit its good selection middle order rahane with us very strong
articipation certificates de do tum dono wrna bachhe tumhara mazak bna denge
We have just thrown away 2 points against a shit team . Karius should be saving that . How wasteful can we be !
Vo khud hume msz karege frds let c
@hinduwarrior15 It is live on Sony ten 1 and hd
Happy birthday vinod Ji the most inspirational actor on earth !! .
@Varun_dvn So so so so well said rockstar !! !! ! 😍😭💟
I love you Priyanka Chopra !! Keep rocking !
@ManishMahour12 @RailMinIndia @drmdelhi * about
@hvgoenka Adopt me ? I make a good human pillow/sofa cushion .
sir jivan he to kucha naya hojay
@hrkriti10 Nice
@agrawalp2001 @sagarikaghose @bainjal Have already taken her on . My first debate on NDTV on online trolling
@OfficeOfRKSingh sir kindly focus your work on electricity transmission loss .
1- Gender roles & patriarchal socialisation plays a role in informing #consent . Yes . #MahmoodFarooqui #consent #feminism
Ms Dhoni best player we love you cool man I am from Pak
Sir ji ye sb toh theek he pr please education ki girti haalat ko b dekhiye
Great sprit in great country with all great leader . Who believe peace for people first . Jay hind .
yeh chehre ke pichhe .. .. . selfishness hai aur kuch nahi .. .. kyu dikhawa kar rahe ho .. .. koi faida nahi , maximum person know about your jealous .. ..
Pls . do 'nt type my name .. .. my love PC .. .. Im getting emotional .. .
People has changed so much . #Facts
kohli bro im big fan u nd MS Dhoni u played a well keep it up god bless u
Indo Russia relations are built over generations - BRICS adds few more bricks and makes it more powerful - Narendra Modi U r a star
Some people are saying that to remove DHONI from team . But those people come across to know that no player in India to replace DHONI and they used know that he is a best finisher , captain , wicket keeper
Wish you a long lasting life sir like """" fevicol ka majboot jod """" .
Amazing Sunset in the Sky
sir hum to match ghar mai hi dekhte hai but kae bar hum nahi dekh pate office bhi jana parta hai waise aaj bhi match hai sayd thora bahut dekhne ko mil jay but fan sabhi ka hu aapne to mahsus kiya hoga
sir bigg boss ka promo kab ayega
so sad , rip manna dey
She is alright .. will be back in few days .. Do n't know why just wanted to share ..
Proud of you our beloved Pradhan Sewak Narendra Modi ji .. Is picture ko dekh k #AnupJalota ji ka ek bhajan yaad aa gya .. Apne hi rang may rang de chunariya . Shyam piya mori rang de chunariya .. .
Make #BiggBoss11 as #BrazzerHouse , that will be great .
Bee exam . At delhi
Kbc Kab Start Ho Raha He Sir ?
Hello Salman Khan mai tumse milna Chahta Hoon
mera profile v check kr lo .. .. . virat ko bhul jao ge all every 1 .. .. virat ka face bilkul mere jaisa milta h muje to malum v ni tha ye virat kohli kon h but jb sb ldkiya muje virat virat bolne lgi to muje malum hua koi virat kohli h jo mere jaisa lgta h .. . sorry bro i don """""""""" t have interest uhhh :-) :-) :-) :-)
sir , u r the true koohinoor of india
Shi baat sir .. ..
If you tell me to stop smoking weed , I 'll just ash my blunt on your face . :)
you are the best Cricket payer than any other players in India .. .. .. so best .. .. . but what a dress !! !!
Happy Birthday Sir Ji
@ByTheMinute_ @davidskadey @Sammy_Goal But not as good as Kevin . De bruyne was the one pulling the strings second half
vote for congress phirse congress
@PenguinsElgi Oooooooooo sadness 😂
So many chances have been wasted
sir if possible .. . plz prpr a gd health insurance plane fr the needy ppl of India at low premium .. .
Guys india vs newzeland ka koi link hai live dekhny k liye ider cable me nhi arha
SaLman nai M not going there
Now u r seeing a photo of the worlds most powerful man and one of the best prime minster . Putin was always more inclined towards India than any other country and also he understands that how it feels to be surrounded by extremely irritating neighbours but the best part is that Russia know how to handle its enemies . vladimir vladimirovich putin India loves u . He knows how to deal with terrorism like he once said """""""""""""""""""""" to forgive the terrorist is up to the god but to send them to him is up to me """""""""""""""""""""" and when he told Muslim minorities that it 's muslims who needs Russia and that Russia does n't need them . futhermore he is a former kgb agent . Hats off to u Mr. putin .
Salman pls salman meri sath bat karo
apka bahutu acha profemens diya aur bharat kiladi acha profmense diya sabkileya congerts all india team indai ki hamariliye very prod jaihind
superb nice bahut achhaaaa
@DeepikaBhardwaj @OfficeOfRG and the midnight raid at BRD 's protest , resulting in the death of a woman .
hiiiiii reply me naa
@aajtak @SachinPilot Political stunt nothing else
@shahid_siddiqui but yesterday you were denying ARSA atrocities on hindus .. . you are a hypocrite
Modi Ji hope that you will also consider direct air India flight to Newzealand
Sir please see my innovation
. hi aamir khan i love you .. I 'm your number 1 fan here in the Philippines I always watching your movie a lot of times .. i hope I 'll see you soon .. .
now u have chosen the best stories to be told ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, try to make unconventional films bahi , best wishes
“ When you feel you have limited or no freedom … whether in business , personal or spiritual pursuits … It 's time to begin exploring other opti …
@bangtaegia @StrongPowerTY14 @BTS_twt @BigHitEnt @BTS_jp_official @namrata_bts @KristinaTejal @AdithKutwan I reeaallyyyy wanna win this ! 😆😆
Modi ji please focus on Russia . Putin is a strong leader and partner of india . USA has a history of backstabbing partners . India cannot be friends with both US and Russians . All Indians want Russians on their side . Americans are not trustworthy .
plzz like page and share it
@sidlowe Bale was . Ronaldo covers 6-8 kms in a match just to touch a ball in the penalty box . Somebody tell him to save breath .
all the seculars should be kicked out together with Rohingyas from India #RohingyaHafizLink
tum bhi apne pyar ki inteha karna
virat bhai kl match dekh k bda bura lga .. . best of luck for nxt match .. . virat kohli fans hit like button .
Luking very swt . May god bless u with lotz of happiness
@kabirwalia17 @SKapoor51 Thanks , area traffic staff has already been informed in this regard .
@Shanatic_Kt No problem , my friend !
@Realsonaliraut9 Awesome ❤
china kuch salo me amerika ko bhi pichhe
You were her boyfriend ... not some participant in a talent hunt ! Move on buddy .... she is not worth it !
Priyanka chopra .. . Aapne sabit kiya hai , Star - star hota hai .. .. Uski chamak , pore world me .. .. I love you .. .
"""""""""""""""""""""" Humpe ye kisne hara rang daala , khushi ne humari hme maar daala """""""""""""""""""""" - SA team singing right now . #IndvsSA
But they not watch cricket then why you ?
@republic Debate ? It 's war with India , Pak ISI Army sacrificed PakUNRep @LodhiMaleeha with Fake photo at UNGA , #Rohingya is cannon fodder
Hi salman pamela from mauritius
A few year ago Love means nothing for me 🤗 And now She means everything for me 😍 #love #quotes
yea .. i can not disagree with the confession ..... and yes ... i was among the exceptions ..
So ke uth gye sir .. .. .. .. sab fan jldi so ke uth jata he .. ..
@Sulci_Gyri :(( How do you think we can improve this ?
Nothing has been done in these years for women position in the society . Only talking about policies . I wonder when we are going to implement .
@MathWiz97X Yo could you explain issues with music , audio settings and balancing for commentary with regards to your universe mode ?
Hi salman what 's up i am from cox 's bazaar Bangladesh . I am not a fan of you . But I am a big big big fan of katrina kaif . She is my dream girl
Tere jaise bande he toilet mein ja kr i love likhte h .
And the #BeingHumanClothing store was launched by Arbaaz . Toh jao enjoy shopping
Excellent . Must hv stronger ties with Russia .
ham patakhon se nahi darte hain
Yaa i knw salman i saw this trailer ok bt keep it up
Nahe karthe follow .. ..
@restockTHEWARsm now she 's coming out and apologizing for her mistakes .
Bishan Singh Bedi holds the world record for the most economical bowling figures in a 60-over ODI : 12-8-6-1 Happy Birthday Sir ! #INDvAUS V …
u r super
@DishTV_India -ihavebeen-reacharge do not install this dish TV they are not giving a satisfaction fake work they are doing fraud it is cheap 😰
Ms dhoni best dhuniya ke captain cool
Everything is good but Kejriwal and Congress are not happy , Because bricks logo is lotus that is creating problems to them Array bhai state govt is BJP , and event by central govt , Lotus to Hoga , Because we love it , you never understand
jaye or lakho logo ki jaan jaye or rally
salman bhai love you from malaysia
What about killing of innocent Kashmiri ? Where is the evidence of surgical strike ?
@TIME I want Rains of Castamere to be played at their wedding
Just got a d/w alert . Gotham S04E01 !
La jawab ho g
I 'm still home .. . Alone !!
@love_life13004 Good night ji
@himanshkohli @GolmaalMovie Yeah 😍
Hello Beautiful people how ’s everyone doing today ?
Are you awesome looking for the first time in the
Hi sir Good afternoon sir maa Duruga maa ke pranam . Hates up Air force Mera Bharat Mahan I Love My India . One big salute .
@sidmtweets Few ? You have n't watched TV lately .
@sidpatankar 😂😂😂😂😂 Emergency exit seats FTW !
Bahut accha legta hai Bahi jab aap 100 run ke paar jaate hai . aap India teem ke Jaan hai Bahi thanks virat kohli .
Brace virat .. more 2 cum .. just more 2 cum .. u keep making merry on da pitch !! #insane !!
god .. ,,, !! ! congratulations .. ., many more to come .. . uah deh best .. .. jz killing huuuh .. .. .! !! #Man_of_the_match #VIRATKOHLI
so nice sir ji
@danielocarmon @Varaang @mayanetivot @Froim You are the only ( real ) friends we have .
@cricketingview Thanks for the try But is n't . No analogy to the handle .
@Anirudhsingh94 It 's cute that you think that .
BRICS : 8th Brics summit took place . Why Pakistan is not there in Goa . Bhutan , Nepal n Srilanka even not being in Brics areinvited to attend . Is it not a big jolt to Pakistan , as more n more govt . are meeting on side line . A major business oppertunity missed in SAARC . Rest of world goes on , yet Pakistan stuck on low diplomacy results . Only people asking to help is to remove terror in Pakistan .
Very g0od big B . nice yaar khush raho Salman bhai humari duae apky sath he l0ve u bIG B .
saali kutte ki maut maregi
Alex where is the bomb
@autumnrainwish Fuckeera is back !! ! 😂
Happy birthday Amitabh ji
bakchod boys and beautiful girls must like our page !! you will love our post sure <3
Javeria Jawed should i be aiming this kinda physique or not ? :p
Mera jaan you are the best . 90% of matches lost by India Cricket Team if Virat Kohli fail to score runs while chasing target .
Bhai me teri movie jarur dekhunga .. .. lekin pyrated Tu nakli muslim hai .. .. . Salman khan asli muslim hai
#296 : ye mood i waalon ko koi kaam hi nai hai bas baith k cover aur profile pic badalte rena ... saari news feeds inhi se bhari rehti hain xxx changed is profile ... bevkoofi dekho
Respected Sir , We are middle-class people , please help us from the inflation . Regards . Suharto Gupta .
09.09.2016 is going to be #FreakyFriday for all fans who have loved Hello Brother , PKTDK , Partner and Jai ho .
Miss u Pryynka Chopra
Happy birthday sir . jai hind
.. . Thanks a lot Mosi ji .. . You are doing ceaselessly efforts for India to become a great nation in the world .. .. Wishing you all the best .. .. Vande Matram .. . Jai Hind .. . Jai Bharat .. .
Wow Sir .. .. Wishing U Very Good Morning Sir Have A Great Day Sir . . . L ❤ ve U Sir
Aarti mujhe 50 rs mil gaye
Hehehehehhe .. . ghareebon ka yorker king .. . ager ye yorker king hai tu waqar younis ya pak k sab bowler ko goli maar do .. .. joke ov century sir virat .
Bechara last nyt dekh k delete krne wala hoga ki chotu ne baaji maar di ...
I supposssss Ki dhoni mins dwani(volume ) Jis tarah aawaz bina kisi rukhavat ke chalti h usi tarah dhoni bhi bina kisi rukhavat ke aage badte h .. .. .. Dhoni is best .. ..
Kya ukhad lega d.u m ja k isse btr i.p me chale jao campus toh vo b h
Congrats Indian kabbadi team
Mjhe ek aisi girl ki talash h jo mjhse bate kee .. . koi aisi h to mjhe add ya message kro .. .. fast m waiting .. .
u are great bhai
Modi Ji your a best leader of tha world hi like if you agree
Ok . Enjoy . This is also your best selfie . But stay away from golf though you love to play golf .
Their Goalkeeper & our goalkeeper ! The reasons for this score . #SpartakLiverpool #ChampionsLeague #LFC
All must watch his recent interview in aap ki adalat .. .. . It 's amazing .. .. His words reflected his pure heart .. .. .. .. ..
Did big mistake we choose you
Jai Ho .. !! ! Aisa lagta hai iss photo ko dekhkar ki .. pura BRICS pariwar MODIMAY ho gaya hai .. . Now Its look like .. India 's shining n marching ahead becoming VISHWAGURU .. . Jai Ho .. .! !!
Bhai main aap ka bahut bada fan hoon
Hindi me conf . Dkhte hi mai smj gya tha k aap hindu se hi honge #pravachanbaba spotted
Hahaha .. bhaiya . Waqar younis and wasim akram ko bhool gye ap lagta .. #youaredrunck
not easy to run it
dukh to is bat ka he saale kiwis to pahle hi haar man ke beth gye verna aaj bhi Virat ki century pakki thi .. ..
@shaniya10162275 Yes they r our shivika 💗
ab to phenktay phekntay mujhe bhi neend ane lagi ,
Sir , i love u . I Miss U u r the real hero of bollywod . #Baby ko #Bass pasand ha but . I_LIKE_U
I ’ve recently port my postpaidnumber to prepaid vodafone number but i have n’t got mysecuritydeposit money . Please refund my money @VodafoneIN
@ashilbran And from 1970 afterward , only state which was fully electrified ,
#Manmohansingh wish u a very very happy bday
Nice Look Big B Ji
U could n't make 8 runs in last over ?? ? Very disappointed watching u live MSD . Boo !! !!
Jai ho .. . salman sir ki .. .
@CalvLyfeson top strikers go into these kinda games expecting to score a couple . Klopp had that at Dortmund
What is freak yaar
Happy friendship day . Bhai
All the best Dattu Bhokanal
I love you bhaijaan
Milenge aapse at the rate in this beautiful life
Kor nhi thaa naa hoga aap jesa koe bhi nhi sir .. .. love u sir .. ..
Virat ODI ka best player h . Aaj Hockey and Cricket dono me India jeet gayi . Kabbadi world cup bhi jeet gyi . Football me Banglore in AFC cup me bhi jeet liya . India is doing good in all sports . Just love it .
@nayattieh Ronaldo is the most overrated player in the world . Scores two tap-ins and ppl call him MoTM . Dude bale performed better .
[ Admin Note ] In a plane on the way to Bombay after a few years ! I'm gonna be walking around aimlessly sometime in the next couple of days ;)
DHONI VAI IS THE SUCCESSIVE AND TOP CAPTAIN ALL OVER THE WORLD . SO NICE SMILING FACE VAI .. .. .. .. ..
Eco-friendly Diwali ki jagah eco-friendly kutta paal leti to thik nahi tha
happy frndshp day bhai
I 've been up pretty late already so let me just take it to 4am , when I 'll almost black myself out unconscious . 🙄
If Cricket is a forest then ms dhoni is the lion of it .. .
Deepawali me sainiko ko sandesh dene ki nai shuruat atti uttam hai
Kheltey raho vk bhai ind ko jitana hai tmko or . msd ko mill kr khltey rh bhai mere
sallu bhaii u r the best
Salim khan sir ka to javab hi nahi .. .. love you salim sir and love love salman khan .. .. .
I do n’t understand why everyone is after #KanganaRanaut ? It ’s oki if #Simran did not do that well ! She she is amazing
#260 : Hell yeah ! Scored . Before . Graduating .
@AditiMallya @vinayaravind Tweet unslyly from the other account
iamchathu Hi Chathu . Just to confirm , are you able to sign into your Google account ? Let us know . #Google
Modiji has a very dynamic personality . He has changed India completely . Together he can bring an end to terrorism . I salute you
@MikaSingh It happens after a long flight !! You look soo restless @mikasingh take care #gabru 😘😘😘😘
Sir we are eagerly waiting for ur movie .. .. .. it would be a blockbuster hit in film industry .. .. .. . u r just best in every way sir .. .. .. love u very very much sir
I do n't care if you win or not . I am only concerned that you should never loose .
Tu Pakistan jake film bna India me ab tumhari sabhi film flap hogi
first time other world leaders look Indian PM with respect and not make fun out of them .
1049 . . \ """""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""" female(20 ) north campus . #plz plz admin please post it . hello guys . meri ajab gazab prem kahani ki naiya ko paar karane me meri madad karein . ek ladka tha jo mujhe 9 class se majnu jaisa pyar karta tha . lekin mai kisi aur se commit ho baithi aur dil o jan se use pyar kar baithi ... is tarah wo majnu bechara beech me latka reh gaya .. :( aur bad m mai bhi latak gai kyuki mera bf bhot bada tharki nikla ... aur hamara brkup hogaya .. college me ane ke bad mera fir se us majnu se contact hogaya kyuki wo hindu ka tha aur wo mujhe apna sa lagne laga ... fir bhi mai use kbhi chah na pai ( mera dil ghayal jo tha ) .. </3 .. to hamari ladai hogai aur usne mujhe block kar dia .. :O .. now the situation is both of them have blocked me .. lekin maine decide karlia hai ki meri doli inme se hi kisi ek ke ghar jaegi .. :) .. ab aap hi bataiye banu mai kiski dulhan ....????? plz help\ """""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""" . . #Gandalf : \ """""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""" He who is slowest in making a promise is most faithful in its performance . \ """"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""
Modi is always focused at camera or if needed if pushes people in the way of camera
Itna bhi hum kuchh nhi likh kar aaye .. jo inko itna time lag raha h check karne mein
A friend in need is the friend in deed . Russia is our best friend from a long time Its really very important for the prosperity of both Countries to keep relation intact and move ahead with many more Projects
Vivekanand Narayan Vedang Chauhan Pragyensh Kumar Harsh Kumar Narula Mritunjay Tiwari That reminds me of something .
Jai mata di sir
Love you bhai ♥
Thank you Sir ji .. .
Salman mujhe aap se bat karni he yahan sab hi f b par Salman ban ke ghoom rahe hen mujhe kese pata chale ga k mere salman aap ho chen makhan shone plzzzzz tok to me now
any bhabhi feeling alone n lonely cn msg me
hello people how are you 123 123 123
Nice bhai Salman khan
We do n't want to make a movie which makes me a hero or glamorizes me , it is more about journey so that people can relate to it because we all go through almost the same thing . Everybody does n't play for India but attend of the day to reach your mark you have to struggle in life and it 's all circumstantial small design that you have to make that actually have a big impact in life . So , it 's all about that small things . Yes , people know a lot about me . I played football . I was from particular school . I got a job with railways and moved on in all of that but what happens in between that is what really pushes me or transforms me to what actually i am today . So , the movie is more about the journey and how i deal with everything because i keep saying """""""""""""""""""""" be in the present , be in the present . """""""""""""""""""""" The movie will actually show what was happened that actually held me to be in the present or that taught me to be in the present and how being in present really helped me . -M . S . Dhoni .
India is growing fast .. developing admirably .. . International relations are now very strong .. .. Proud to be an Indian .. .
After DADA virat his most beautiful bats man to watch cricket when he is in crease .. .
@tterIndia @ood_sigmaa @bhak_sala @AltNews @abpnewstv Tell your Bhushan to apply for anticipator bail .. pro Bono . 😁
modi g is a perfect person for pm india
holy shit : *
Himalays ki thandi thandi hawa se hum to salman sir ke comment me aajeyenge aur sir ke bareme comment karjayenge
@PerryBrennan7 @liverpool Umm .. . No he 's not .
This is absolutely shambolic we can n’t even score now . we were suppose to be a high tempo team this man is fraud #UCL #LFC
Gd sir you are on the right path to take our countries progress miles ahead
Modi ji you are the best leader of India
Badhai .. . Good evening .. .
Tu h sultan .. .. bollywood m na ab badshah na king khan .. .. ab bs sultan
we are all about everything stupid going on in our country from politics to economy which forces us to say our unofficial national word ghanttaaa
Landbhakto ki parwa na kare amir u r best
Boss is always right .. .. #salman bhai . #AR_Rahman sir .
Oye Hoye Balle Balle , you rock @msdhoni and the boys
@BucketheadCase DMing
@OLIO_ex Could have done better than coping old Indic stuff
Badhana hai 101 %sun protectionf jackets for people working in ; ocean screen marcopolo jaise facilities ko more updation wool exports MBA consumers 127 itc
@johnnywoo2015 @SneaksLeaks I thik you ’re right to book profit at 14 this is 100% Secure 🎯
@LICIndiaForever your website and app is very pathetic . How can I get statement of policies paid so far ? Plz help
Thats my boy ..
Reminds me of Ravi Bhoraskar Jaspreet Saluja Shainky !
Success u get in life is unpredictable .. .. . I will join ur club soon in my way .. .. .. .. .
So beautiful cute madam and handsome sir
Hi anushka , Is ada pe kon na marjaye , is hussn pe caroro he marjaye .
Modi killed innocent Muslims when he was chief minister of Gujrat .. . Now killing Muslims in Kashmir .. .. Modi is murderer .. Killed Sikhs in 1980s , destroyed their religious place Darbar sahib .. . India Is hypocrite country . Biggest exporter of beef , and banned beef in India .. . Lol Bollywood life jokers
Kkhh : - nhi wen i m nt den why u r .. maine usse pyr karne se phale ye sharat to nhi rakhi ti ki wo bi muj se pyr karegi .. pyar mein sharte nhi hoti bs pyr hota hai aur to kya hua aj wo mere sath nhi hai muje jab bi uski yaad ati hai mein apni ankhe band kar leta hu aur wo samane a jati hai .. all tym favt dialought ..
The worst thing about this draw is we 're still guaranteed to progress but as runners up and get absolutely pummeled in the R16 .
Waah sir ji app ne meri baat maan he le
@exambazaar Yes ! Thank you so much .
You are the real god of cricket bayya no one is comparable to you in past , present&future too
@AditiMallya You know I tried to explain this to @binalkalaria and it did n't work out .
#339 : [\\m/] Just came back from foreign internship . It's a drastic step down in hot (?) & willing chicks . Just thinking about the sexual tradeoffs I'm paying for the IIT tag .
sabka malik ek only modi ji
What ’s the deadline for loudspeakers tonight ? @MumbaiPolice @RoadsOfMumbai @RidlrMUM @smart_mumbaikar
Enjoy it ms dhoni your are great captain .. .. pakistani fan lover .. ..
great movie .. . sir , mene 7-8 baar dekhi hai , aisi hi ek original story mene ek production house ko bheji thi 4sal ho gaye koe jawab nh aaya aaj tk .. .. sir i have some stories , bt i 'hv no experiance and knowledge .. . what i do .. .. if u interested i 'll send u .. plz reply
u come at batting in 3 , dhoni in 4 ? in just before manish pandey is 2 ? then axar patel ? then others are in same timing ? opening is same ? just do it ? i will blessing more ?
Pradhan Mantri ji for the month reading Valley Nevada go off said it basically brighter I get me a call looks in Vero call the valley I 'm a rehab this ship return getting a couple them second load but I could get a time look Harbor oregano Belmar investigative specialist asking a new I liquor number to logo globally cab them until candy dealing with
@AlucardTheMod Maybe you can change your handle now ?
Iss world cup mai koi khushi nai milni . Na #Pakistan ne jeetna hai , Na #India ne Haarna hai #WC2015 #IndvsSA
Modji sir I support you in all the field you stepping except following these two : 1 ) Petoleum rates . 2 ) And Rural Bank Employee 's pension case . Pl . take care sir . And hope when these issues solved , those will take care of U & Govt . Thank U sir .
Hii verat sir love you aap kisi ko maro ya na maro pakistan ko jab chance pao marte rahiye
@calamur Just give her everything she wants . Food , house , money .. . Everything . Look at that cute face 😭😭
It 's so easy to click on ads that your entire social media feed could be a lie .
@XiaomiIndia when is the mi a1 get back in stock
@Ekdrishti Sure anytime :)
Very nice sallu bhai
This can be Av?nash Lk ? amor only ... Every time she looks at him , she makes a cute smile on her face .
@MrsGandhi congress mindset is .. if we cant b the govt .. .. we shall not allow other party to govern and develop the nation .. .
@ashokepandit liberal media does not care about this
weed is the secret of my energy ! :)
#304 : To a certain someone named Xxxxxxa Xxxi in M . Sc Chem . You ran the biggest love triangles , quadrilaterals ... polygons ever !. Hats off ! #Victim
CMNT VIA : - BOTERX . TK RELATED SITE : - BEWAFA2 . TK OWNER : - HASNI ABLE & MONJURUL LASKAR
ishwar divangat aatma ko shanti de
Sabhi bharat vasi se modi jee Ka anurodh desh bhakt hone ke liye musalman aur Pakistan se nafrat aur krodh jaruri hai .
@thkurain546 Dm me
I never expected dis 4m u @arjunk26 how can u like that tweet by @iFaridoon ? I m so disappointed . U just lost a fan 👎👎 #shameonfaridoon
We all Indians take this oath , that we love our mother India , we shall be with all those who think for our loving mother , we respect our mother , mother has gifted all of us this opportunity to love our mother .
Doing something without purpose is called Khujli .. .
Chutiya panti mt kr ,. . m b suicide krne gya tha 8 month pehle ,. . and rajouri garden metro station se kudne hi wala tha ,. . bs ek dum se mere maa baap ka chehra mere samne aya jinka m ek lauta beta hu ,. . bs fir ky m ab bht khush hu ,. . aur ha ab m ek ladki se bht pyar krta hu aur wo h meri pyari maa .. . teri story meri story bilkul same h ,. . meri gf se breakup mera aise hi hua tha .
We are very proud that YOU captained India but now your time is over , please leave
Main sirf itna janta hu ki big b kya dikhte ho .. .. .. .. . kassam mahadev ki . pranam aapko
You are the best because you are a nationalist and nationalist does n't go to betray to his own people .
The team is full of shit .
this is lesson for u ....... ab kabhi nahi karega help ab jab bhi aisa hoga tu bhagega
seriously yr ullu bukhey sab kch benefit scheduld cste ko huhhh ......
@GabbbarSingh Because it is about none , it 's about one guy Newton , like movie queen it was about her not about marriage and society .
@rybanova171195 Glad you liked it . Thanks for sharing :)
@saiomm1 Ebooks
every people we want to kis u but i want oll movies from india i love sunil shety
@CmSaadani Love the image ! Do n't understand the language though - am sure the words would be equally beautiful !
@somalipjm @BANGEXO21 @xiummmin @ironicallynice so what ’s this have to do with Big Bang and Exo ?
I Found 660 Persons , Who Did n't Follow Me Back & I Will Unfollow Them All TONIGHT 👍 #FollowBack 💯 #FollowForFollow 💯
love u bhai salman khan
we love Aamir Khan .. .. from sri lanka
bhai sahi keh rahe ho aur ab to zindagi jhand bhi comment nahi karta . ab to ekdam bore ho chuka hai page
desh ek kayda do . aisa kyu bhaio or behno.me akshar dekhta hu jab hamari muslim behne golgape khati hai to bechari burkha uthake khati hai . aisa kyu . unlogo ko bhi freedom hona chahi hai .
The real Indian sports hero
A sucker is born every minute ... u aint looking hard enough !
sallu bhaijaan aap aaoge to hum bhi zarur aayenge ( Y ) .. . because ilove u sir .
Zakkass photo yar priyankagi you 're looking so qute
Jokes Time Boy : """""""""" kya kar rahi ho ? . Girl : """""""""" kuch nahi , ghar pe akeli bethi bore ho rahi hun .. . . Boy : """""""""" mai aa jaun tumhare pas tumhare ghar pe ? . Girl : """""""""" kyun ? Kya karoge ? . Boy : """""""""" ab yeh bhi samjhana padega kya ? . Girl : """""""""" haan samjhao na . Boy : """""""""" ghar aake samjhaun ya phone pe ? . Girl : """""""""" See More .. ..
One of his dialogues that angries me was """" tum saala gulam log .. .. .
WE ARE ALL SALUTING JAI HIND
@TOIIndiaNews Is that the reason why UPA 2 did so many scams ?
@iamgopaldutt Thanks ! God Bless !
jholi faila kar manga khuda se unhe
A pic from the trailer launch in Mumbai .
This unity will shape the future for the peace .. . love .. .. happiness .. .. N bringing INDIA as the super power to the world .. .. jai hind
:o You are Handsome ( y ) and Beautiful ;) But :p i am More than You :v 3 :) => Buy Bot ? n ? ( ?? ? ) ? n ? ( y ) Faisal Jan <3 Imaan Gondal ;) Mohsin Shoukat : * ^ _ ^ => :v <3 Visit Bot Site : studyofcs , com <3
Sir but app ka birthday to 3 October ko tha
Best pm in the world . Regsrds from canada . We always ready to support nation .
@SunielVShetty @ActressTabu @ArshadWarsi @shreyastalpade1 @ParineetiChopra @TusshKapoor @kunalkemmu For all the bad reasons
kitne bar dekhe yar bor ho gya hu 4 time to dekh hi chuka hu :P
these days we do n't c Indian actor beside of them
Aisi baat abhi lo bhai .. . abhu download kiya
mostly gls k parents aise hi hote h ... or ye tumhe pehli br pta chla h kya jb itna feel hota h to log bf q bnate h itne sare .... nautanki ....
@R8chel_Marie @semrush @rustybrick Work and family commitments keep us busy . :) #semrushchat
A symbol of success , very proud of you Priyanka
Sir I Have An Idea Is there For Developing Our Nations For Top 10 Things .. . 1 ) One Child Rule .. 2 ) Giving 1 rupess For Daily from one person to Army fund . 3 ) Every Sunday Free Way in Cities . Only Govt Vehicles Are allowed to Road .. 4 ) Every Govt Employees Salary Day Cutting 100 Rupess For Developing Villages Fund .. 5 ) Planing to How to Develop the Villages for how much days with in planning Blue print .. 6 ) Others are Yours Ideas
Yes . iam very happy .. . for your success .. . you inspired me to still work very hard & hard for my success
kisi ka whatsapp group he kya ? agar he to muje inbox me message karo aur whatsapp group me add kar lo muje bhi .
add me add me add me add me plzzz send mmmeee requesttt
pm ho to modi g
@ePandu Keep the photos coming ..
While making payment of bill after dinner in restaurant , it feels like state govt & central govt both had a dinner with us .
#Manmohansingh Wish u a very very happy bday sir #Ex PM#
machao bhai log ...
Nici i love you rani
Happy birth day big b
Virat Kholi you ar mently strong and good finisher , Jai Hind
Looking saucier prettier priyanka
Fawad Khan se Better option Virat ko lena chahie tha Karan Johar ko :P
@OfficeOfRG @LMAOPappu Khangress is a religious party .. . y bother
mast bhai OK all the best
@RahulGandi1 #TimesSquareNewYork spoke of opportunities to develop Healthcare Industries beyond one of health tourism .. .
Abi 10 sal our raj kare up mai lakin dal badlu say dosti na kare our Muslim ko nayay dea kuki aklak ko nayay nhi mila
Dnt let Him down again by trying to make US happy .. . please ! Russia should remain as our old nd true friend in need !
Watch Chelsea buttfuck Athletico Madrid tonight . Sending costa directly to stress rehab .
"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""" The educated still throw the garbage on the roads and the uneducated picks it up ” #Irony #EpicTruth """"""""""""""""""
@narendramodi ' NEWTON ' Film tells the world that in India General elections are held on GUNPOINT , people do n't come to vote themselves .
Namaste Sir Happy Navaratri and Good evening to you Sir
Love u shahenshah , muqaddar ke sikandar
VIRAT WOW KYA KHELA HE TU or kal ke match me century lagana he mein tera fan
As a citizen of India there is a great respect for our current PM , Sri Narendra Modi but against his statement/Involvement to indulge in one 's RELIGIOUS ISSUES The only moto to express his opinion regarding TRIPPLE TALAK is to take political advantage in the forthcoming Bidhan Sabha Election in UP . Otherwise the percentage of Divorce in the Muslim Community where TRIPPLE Talak is accpted is the Least in comprision to other community . PM Modi too has divorced his Wife although there is no provision of Tripple Talak in his religion . This clearifys Martial Bonding depends on unconditional Love , affection and respect towards each other whatever be the rule of SEPERATION/DIVORCE Our PM Modi should n't indulge to one 's FUNDAMENTAL RELIGIOUS RIGHT for political benefits and should maintain SECULAR CHARACTER OF THE CONSTITUTION
Belloooo dolce un tutele maniere Grandeeeeee
log mujhe pagal samjhenge pr mijhe koi parwah nahi bhai sab log girls k piche pagal hote hai pr me tumhare piche pagal hu bhai ye mazak nnahi hai bhai i l u bhai ur tha future of india tumhare koi bhi nahi hai
Aamir bhai , you have always try to give a true massage to people . I support you .
@radvaz @timesofindia Loooved it .. . There will b new ads on new year too 😁
please like my page friend
#206 : My gf just got her braces taken off and now she can get back to doing more interesting stuff to me on Sundays when we meet . It's been more than a year , am I way too excited about this ?
Jab se bade hue maa baap se suna beta hamare desh ka dost roos hai . putin ji army pak main bhej kar dil tod dia . ab hum apne bachcho ko kya kahen ?
No very nice pic . . .. ?
@SharadYadavMP Congratulations .. .
love lagaan , love Rang de basanti , love 3idiots , pk , taare zamen par , love aamir & his fan like AJ
Nice pic P C
Best of best India
I love u sir .. . kash m ek baar apse mil sakun .. .
I was able to access this website 2 hr earlier . I can still access this on TOR #censorship
@ndtv He is same Yashwant Sinha as FM . What are his achievements ? Economy actually is getting sanitised of black money earners nd hoarders .
@JammuKashmirNow @shunalishroff All sale deeds with British were part of some treaty or other . Money changed hands . Call it what you will .
Mane off ffs
Sir faridabad I p colony sector 30 33 me road bahot hi jada kharab hai yaha aap ki sarkar hai but kuch nahin ho raha hai krishan pal gujar minister hai but koi vikash nahi hai bus bahar ki road kaam krwadete hai colony ke ander koi minister nahin jhakata hai kya aisa hi vikash karange aap ki sarkar kya colony wale raod Dil to ander hota hai bahar bahar dikhaoge
Ek suggestion or lele : deo lgake jaaiyo . . bhar garmi bht h !! :-P #OldMonk : admin summers mei bullet proof jacket tu pehan k jata h kya date pe :-D
Nothing is bigger than COUNTRY HUM INDIAWAALE Jo KHUSHI INDIA Ki JEET Me milti wo aur kahi nahi 😍😍 JAI HIND #IndvsSA #IndWins
@The_EternalKind Hum to nhi soote 😂 , Aap 😆 ??
le ab tere naam pe game kaun khelega aise faltu games . salman ..
world cup six u could touch my nerves and see our beat amen smile i love dhoni .. .. secret smile amen IN CHRISTJESUS amen hallelujah amen .. /
Wish you a happy dhantersh & diwali to you and your family in advance , this diwali brings a lot of lakh of happiness , peace , good health , lights & , mo re wealth , praying & blessing it for the same , plz . take care & be safe diwali .
You are awesome .. .. love n respect you a lot .. .. .
Luv u sallu vi
@monaofficials Iski train me chain na ho bs 😊
We are stranger as well as Indians n easily get offended by other opinion , india mai srk Salman Aamir Ajay devgn Akshay kumar hrithik roshan ki movies zyada chalti hai , or irrfan khan madhvan Nawazuddin manoj bajpai ki movies business kam krti hai . In India people judge people by skin , status , caste and language instead of nature
Enga thalaivar dhoni Ku periya whistle adingaaa .. !! ! #whistlepodu #kabali #thalaivars
No more nuclear reactors sir .. please .. instead we can go with solar wind hydel .. please do n't convert that small lovely fishermen 's living to concrete danger ..
we are looking so Huooooot
No buddy , world number one and only yoker king is the Lasith malinga
come on people , find this guy post a photo here ... we need to recognize several of our unsung heroes ! Find him on FB and even tag him if you can !
Hit like if you think N . Modi is the best president India ever had . ✌
It 's very goods plan !! ! But sir !! Think about south people also !! ! There is very less security system !! If something gose wrong !! Total south gone !! ! Please provide all security measures !! Even !! All Military security systems should be there in south also !
Kia batsman hai Yar aur Kia personality may God give u more success respect from Pakistan
MaShaAllah .. Bhaijan ! ( y ) :)
Jay Shree Krishna , our Parents from African countries at some stage of their lives surrendered Indian Nationality and become British Subjects . When I applied for OCI Overseas Citizen Of India with my British Passport and Uganda born Birth Certificate the application was turned down saying that they required an Indian Document saying that either one of my Parents or I are Indian Born and my parents British passports stating that they were Indian Born were not acceptable . My father wrote to Delhi Indian Home Office to send either proof or his original Passport he surrendered 3 years ago but have not received any reply . What is annoying is most of the community leaders know of the difficulty but despite attending meetings and function with Indian High Commissioner and the staff none have raised the issue that it is very unfair to discard completely a British Passport stating that the person is born in India . Furthermore , why is it impossible receive either surrendered passport or proof that my father was an Indian Citizen before becoming British Citizen . Please share if you have faced this problem .
zindagi kaisi he paheli hi , kabhi yeh hansaye kabhi yeh rulaye
All of them together BRICS Rocks . Mr Modi as usual stole the show . Good to see them all wearing Indian vascoats .. .
@Khalsa_Aid @ravishndtv show revealing the most important teaching of Sikhism ' Sarvada bhala 'respecting all faiths & service to all . Mustwatch
very srry 4 manna dey
Mr. Modi you are truly an exceptional leader . You work so hard for whom ?? so that we all can become better and India can prosper !! ! He always represent our country exceptionally well .. .. I have never seen such a great leader like Atal and Modi .. . keep going on we always with you .. ..
Petrol price hiked , I have voted you need answer
sir . One question to you . Do n't minds . Kiya aap Quraan e paak podna jante hai .
Sums up our day .. just cant win in Europe against this shit also .. we are far far behind in development than its told #LFC
All the best ,, I love you lots .. thank you so much ..
Best of luck sapna
There are no words for your talent no one can explain you that how much you handsome . And one more thing that I am your one of the greatest fan best of luck in your all the matches
This innings of Kohli was like using Brahmastra on a dead kiwi bird .
@wittycatty That I keep a track off :)
Great bartiya well done
Yes Thanks to our honorable Prime Minister
Priyanka I like you very much but you forgate the Indian culture my wishes with you that you rise to long but with Indian culture many women follow you you are a future so please save next generation
Respected Sir , wish you wonderful birthday . Thank you for Sholay , thank you for Kabhie Kushi Kabhie Gham , thank you for Paa . Thank you for Piku . Thank you for Pink . You are legend of world cinema . Salute from Poland !
Dear sir , Can n't you see what is happening in kolkota .. Do something , they are molesting our Hindu Mother and sisters . . if you can n't do anything about this . .. . then what the he 'll your doing .
Reply toh karte ho nahi Ap
Happiest and Blessed Birthday Sir from Lord Ganesha , Om and Hari Vanish Raised Bachchan Ji . Have a blessed day . Lots of love .
Happy Birthday My Great Uncle ; God Bless For Great Health , Long Life , Prosperity , and To Continue To Inspire ; Thank You Sir ; Your Nephew ::: Dr. Vijay P . Rekha , MBBS .
1 reply kro bhai
dear sir i am a big fan of ur acting jus want to say you are awesome artist
Congratulations Mr Prime minister making our security .
Excellent batting virat bhai .. . U r just fabulous .. . keep it up my hero
hame media bale sare bhaiya se ek sikayat hai ki unke pass bahut takat bo chahe to sarkar badal sakte hai lekin bo bhi ab bade log ka hi news chhapate hai jaruratmand and bebas ke pass kyu nahi jate hai aisa kyu
Bhai I love u
India has never defeated Pakistan in Champions Trophy . hope aj krde _/\\_
Nice Work Jai Ho
Jay Mata di sir , we all love you , FB&twitter is the best connectivity in the world , it has to respect & use for good & positive purpose only , thx
Sms padke to samajh rahe hona ? Main kya bolna chah rahi hu ? Tumhe lag raha hain ? Ki main koyi galti karrahi hu ? Plss esa mat sochna .. Tum meri sach bate jhut banate ho .. Bolte ho main jhut bol rahi hu .. Plss salman mujhe keisa keisa lagraha hain tum kaha chale gaye ? Kuch bhi karne k pehle meri bat yad rakhna .. Etna to jante ho tumhare sath meri kya relation hain ?
Its so unnatural . Every hero every fighter is shown with 6 packs . In reality gym going guys are the ones with lowest stamina . They are just bulk of meat with prominent cuts . Thats all . Real heros were simple looking . I dont understand why our 3rd world likes these fake guys so much ? These six pack guys are a made of western world like their fake beautiful looking girl . On the contrary our real strong men are pehelwans/ desi wrestlers .
Now it 's legal to even blabber on @Twitter . #280characters #twitter280
Sure sir ! You are yourself a biggest star and having a competent artistic calibre I really go through all of your post but alas I would like to be your fb friend as I am your big fan from Maine pyar kiya and I have watched every films which really gives me immense pleasure seeing your magnanimity I admire you as one of the prudent artist in Bollywood and all sub continent may I have an access of meeting and discussing with you sir I shall be highly grateful Shahid Hassan
Happy birthday insaan sochana bandh kardiya dekha dekhi karta hai
ms movie has crossed 200 crore guess kro virat par film bni to kitna 500 or mor
@_Sifar_ Are n't you such a darling ?
You 're a beautiful woman and an amazing actress ! I 'm obsessed with Quantico . Keep taking over the world ! I support you fully !! !
My honble Sir , wish you fine . Sir , asper past important issueful information about IDS releted , one thing delebaretly makes me realy matter of concern , that if start noticed only from poor but Big Bengal , there gross amount of population is near about 90milion asper since 2014 census . Sir , so suppose if you decide , not to go exactly under IDS norms , if you , simply veryfied to get your minimum taxes asper gross percentage just about 5% from individual people , those who are even exemption from taxes norms , just think , 5%taxe x 90milion people . How much white money you can earn just only from a state ? But Sir , now days has came fortunatly for employers , where under advantage , those even central Govt IDS officers&employers are doing there personal smooth reletionship business with state eployers or Nobel Advocate with very consicutive way behind your eyes and genral people , suffuring from Circus . Sir , now you think what you do . Yours faithfully .
Aero-09 !!. Pawan Tez dekh pehle kya kya hota tha aero m :P
sir all gals shud support u sir they r running behind tat bloody culprit rahul gandhi i request all females to vote modi not dis bloody gandhi family
Happy Diwali to you and your family PC . You are the fighter of succes !! !! !
Every Indian proud to be PM NARENDRA MODI . har har modi ghar ghar modi .
#DangalPoster #Godofbollywood #Aamirkhan MARI CHORIYAN CHORO SE KAM H KE ..
I think Russia is a best friend and Russia always help India with heart and soul but the people who think America is best friend of India . These people do n't know America is the no . 1enemy of India
Miss you bhai ok
#308 : To Shanthanu Sathe ( 2012 ME DD pass-out ) . You might not know me , but I stalked you for years . You're the cutest guy ever I had this obsessive crush on you for years and fantasized about you a lot . I just didn't have the guts to tell you or ask you out . ~ Your Secret Admirer , forever
@TimesNow but every congressi is terrorist supporter
Hi Salman u r d best actor .. nd . usese bhi jayda a best human being .. . waiting for he new movie .. . Gud night Salman nd all of u
The power is within you . If you believe , you can do anything . More power to all . Have a great day people #BeHappy #BlessAll
Bava !! !! ! Modi ji yeh apni jacket mujhe gift Kar dijiye .. . bava isse kehte Hain personality attitude wali ..
Americans can n't be trusted . They use you and after that throw you in dustbin . Pakistan is the best example .
Sandra Jodi sir apka
U r great Sir ji .. .
I like you Priyanka
How r u ?? ?? Ab
@RMCriStan But line up out already 😬
#287 : Once upon a time there was a crooked GS who did not notify students about an exchange program so that he could send 3 of his friends for the same .
@myogiadityanath @PrakashJavdekar Management of security should be learn from IITs & IIMs please .
Girls Agree . ( Bollywood ) Movies Agree . Booze , No Way .
@LiamPayne love u so so much babe ❤
hehe .. .. indirectly promoting """" Baar Baar Dekho """"
Woww thats amazing !! We trust your positive Intentions for our Country !!
Ooooo so beautiful click my hero i hope is image pe bahut likes nad comments aayenge because every one loves u and your match .. ..
Putin is a dictator , look to Syria , he bombs hospitals , kindergardens and civil people - so many innocent people died !! ! Look at Ukraine , he started war in this country and annexed ( stole ) Crimea peninsula
Very Nice BiG G
nice time when india and new zealand play the deciding final of one day series
Hello u r rocking but movie will be flopped , do n't mind . Kjo is a transgender
@maidros78 No option , only Gabbar can save from Babbar ; but 2019 still long way .. ..
@varinder_bansal One quick question : how do u retrieve Ur old tweets quickly ?
namo india nxt pm modi
God : Why do you not love ? Satan : Because love is blind . God :D o you feel ? Satan : ? God : LOVE FEELS ! Satan : I LOOKED AND IT DID NOT SEE ME !! !! !
Aamir khan vs Aamir khan only i think that he can do more and more hit movies with strong characters and good theme he like to choose the best and he is always belongs in the best :-) all the best to my dear big brother Aamir ji Aap kai se ho Aamir bhai :-) Ramadan kareem heartly wellcome to our Mollywood and kerala :-)
Dhoni is d best captain ever .. captain cool .. he is also d best finisher in world cricket .. hit like if u think so .
The ‘ Dream Team ’ has done it ! India have won the #2016KabaddiWorldCup , beating Iran 38-29 in the final ! #OneBigBlue
Kya khub lagte ho bare handsome dikhte ho
Dear Virat please trim your beard that will make you more Adonis-tic .
lol fuck u Aamod Kore u might .. but dont imply on others >:o
But Desi gals have ' Qaatil adaayein ' ... which firang gals lack .. It's a most uniquely beautiful thing but it may be lost on those who dont have a fine appreciation for such subtleties .
Happy bday bacchan ji
i hv seen that video .. . or kejariwal ji ne usme bade hi shatir tarike se sabut manga tha .. taki unpe koi ungli bhi na utha sake nd unka kam bhi ho jaye ,,,,, but my AAP wale friends .. .. . log word k pichhe ki feelings pr jyada dhyan dete h na ki words r
I agree from you sir ji :-) but i want 2 say you are looking very cool in this avtaar :-) GOD bless you
bahut dukh ki baat hai
Priyanka Chopra Featuring on The Chelsea Show , The Ellen Show and Instyle Awards - From Team Priyanka
Hey Aamir :-) So , i watched Dhoom 3 multiple times . The song and dance part of Malang are really amazing . Your acting skills in the movie are very good . At first i was thinking you have a real twin brother . Well played sir , well played . I was kinda sad after you died in the movie . I wanted to see Samar live with Aaliya . Best wishes from Germany !
do n't want to sleep today XD
Welcome to New York ! Can n't wait for your movie to come out , ( loved the trailer) !
sholy muje smj nh aa rha kia cmmnt kru jo socha wo sb logo ne kr die ..
@Joeegan199 And Firmino is definitely one hell of a striker , just not clicking . Do n't forget #Sturridge #Dom
@RohanV @jimanish Oho . Waav ! From where can one get them ?
Great .. ! Look at them .. .! !. All are wearing colorful Modiji Jackets .. ! It is nice that Modiji could make them wearing it and bring them all together in front of the Lotus .. !
@abpnewstv Being an ex student of bhu I request you not to change name of bhu in ur shows
Wer r u Ppl hiding ur secular face @AzmiShabana @Javedakhtarjadu @RanaAyyub @ReallySwara pls go backto Pakistan ur true land #HinduMassMurder
Good to see you both today @reshii @Aparna :)
Aap toh desh ke pahla Pradhan Mantri haien , jo desh ke pradhan sevak mante haien , aur desh ke saua sau karod janata ko ek parivar mankar din , raat kam par lage hue haien . Humme purra asha aur bharosa hai ki , aap desh ko nayi unchai par le jayenge . Jai hind , bharat Maata ki jay .
o.o bday boy .
amar chand ko kya maloom , chahta he use koi chkore , wo to bechara door se dekhe kre me hu fan me hu fan ka sore
Superb hai , definitley trailer of Freaky Ali will also b intresting with all the freaks , Ur interaction always fill heart with great joy , U r the best role model :)
hello sir i am big fan of u ji m ik punjabi but m fan sirf aap ji da or sir mera ek dream h ke aapki movie me mera ek song ho plz sir m ek writer hu or also singer b but i belong to middle class family so plz sir ek baar plz ek baar sochna jarur hmare baare me ji
Yaadgar movie Jo Parivaron ko jodti h
@RcMullapudi hmmmmm waitng for ur second half infoo lets hope the best for us
Sir mera bhi birthday he
Madhu 's tweet was implying that Muslims killed 400mil Hindus till 16th century .
Amir khan- dikhne meine simple bt kam meine very complicated .. .. .. sometimes its hard to belive tht a single person cn have these many versatile personality .. .. hats off amir bro .. .. ! Tum to bolywod market meine aag laga doge .. .
#272 : 2010 batch . H4 . One of my wingies had a hot girlfriend from IDC . I was very jealous and used to envy this guy a lot . They broke up sometime later . And I was the one who created rift between them . Tough luck if your love didn't last , we enjoyed listening through the door every Sunday afternoon ...
Only drama donevin India a boy who really wants to fight for nation have to pay bribe and person who will never fight in battle get reward
Delightful evening with delightful people Michael Kors #chrissyteigen John Legend #godslovewedeliver
cuz that's what women like to do
Aap ko v sir
worlds longest confssn .... GUINNEAS buk m bhijwa do is cnfssion ko ...
Amirji ache filmo ki itna intjar karwato ho ki .. .. .. ..
"""""""""""""""""""""" This ' old friend ' mentality may lead to temporary blindness without careful thought given first """"""""""""""""""""""
Happy to see you in this Style ModiJi , You Look Awesome , Walk on the Sunny way and Show the Lights in your People 's Home , Make them to be Bright forever .. . Keep doing your Dazzling performance ModiJi , We Love You
Bhaijaan sikar(rajasthan)me bhi aap ek store kholye na
"""""""""""""""""" Whether """""""""""""""""""""" crisp apple strudel """""""""""""""""""""" or something with sprinkles , your favorite things are now in your feed in the Google … … """"""""""""""""""
G . Salman khan yes
This is one of my fav . movie . Nd a song which is very nearest of my heart .. . Mai yaha tu waha jindagi hai kaha .. .
I have given Democrats far too much credit in the past . Everyone should realize the press is biased , but most Democrats deny it . I had assumed that some people were either naive or brainwashed , but now I 'm starting to believe they appreciate and support our biased corrupt media . There no way bias is not noticeable at this point in time and I 'm am deeply ashamed of all Democrats . - An Ex-Democrat .
#238 : Lately our hostel warden ( also my guide ) has fined a few guys for smuggling alcohol into the hostel . A few years ago the same guy used to call us for a drink at his home or took us to some bar outside . Enjoyed those days . #DeclineOfIITB
Aameer I enjoyed for 3 idiots . Kareena and you are the perfect chemistry and as well as maddy . Aameer u r the roking star
Your wonderful Priyanka Chopra love you and people from Manipur we are really supported you keep your good work get more success
srk is in the no 1 celebrity from 4 aug 2010 last week he was in no 2 position see more
I was wating for this moment , I thought like they were not common to be in the show .. .. I am such a lover you guys .. . Both Ellen and Priyanka . .. .
“ @RamgarhKaJai : Office bhi koi kaam karne ki jagah hai bhala ? ” Nahi . Tabela is better . Chalo waha chale .
Lovely and amazing picture
Bhai aap Akele sabko khila rahe hai .. .. U r really a great player .. .. .. . I hope u will win tomorrow
Cheppadani ki baguntay .. . but Danni implement cheyyadam lo undi majaa
You are Good m 'en allah yehdik wyessidak fe donya wal akhira . Amin
I know it's you saloni .
If ur are dare mr modi if ur are men neclear power station u open in kerala if u do open in kerla modi is guy if not modi ia gay
[ Year 2030 ] You can come up with at least 1km long tweet
Nice anyway sir Amitabh Bachchan ji .. just is India .. all the best
#225 : These confessions about girls , booze , and movies may seem like fun . As an alumnus , I have been through and came out of these 3 traps . My advice to juniors is to not fall into these traps , because , when you grow up , then you'll realize the returns you got don't justify the time investment .
wish u happy birthday sir ji
The sweetest confession I have read so far ! :)
Dhany aur Bade Mahan desh bhakat Antar Rashtiy Neta hai Hamare Priye Damdar Great Prime Ministar Shri Narendra Modi ji Vikas ki Majbut sarkar Bjp sarkar sab ka sath aur Sab ka Bhari Vikas kar rahe hai Hamare Priye Damdar Great Prime Ministar Shri Narendra Modi ji
ALL THE BEST DOST VIRAT N TEAM INDIA . WEL TRY KOHLI N ROHIT OPPNING 3RD ODI .
This Diwali say no to crackers . Delhi 's Air pollution levels are worst in India . Guys all together can make a positive difference . So lets #Say #No #To #Crackers #This #Diwali .. .. .
kya acting karte ho boss tum .. . bilkul GARDA .. . 500 crore ki ho ya 100 crore .. 100 saal baad bhi log maze se dekhenge tumhari movies ..
Sir ji .. .. .. .. .. maa durga bless all the country man !! happy puja to you and your family
i am a dudda and i'll leave at 21
hamare mazhab me koi gair mazhab ke log dakhal naden
Sir , capital of India there is a scam .. . against pak . .. people still working for Pakistan . .. still they r eating our food . And gently roaming across our cou try .. . which is not possible for an i dian .. . cant we do any thing .. . we lost our soldiers . .. . entire whole Indians looking u r decision . ..
Bhai rply v kiya karo
Modi sir , ap 100 saal jeenahi thab thak ap hamara priminister seet par bhaitna hai . O parameswara modi ji ko ap ka ashirvad denahai .
Y to bring Studg to play on wings ?? That Firmino miss hsows negligence on part of management .. #LFC
@Paragbhandari1 Boss alliance tikega ? No way . All . mind games
@JioCare horrible coverage at home . Close to 5 days since I raised a request on the MyJio app . Still no resolution .
RESPECTED SIR , KINDLY DO SOMETHING ABOUT BEGGARS PROBLEM WHICH SEEMS TO BE INCREASING DAY BY DAY
Mr Amitabh ji super and great
Sir main ek story padi thi .. Aap jisko pyaar karte ho use sadi mat karna .. Jo tumhe pyaar karte hain use sadi karo . Sir ye sab main meri liye nehi bolrahi . Meri friend k liye bolrahi hu . Sir hum jo kuch bhi karrahe hain .. Hamari friend k liye .. Sir aapko hum hamari bade bhai jeise mante hain .. Sir meri friend ki bat manlijiye ..
Brace yourselves boys ! #Garba pics incoming 🔥😂
@RaheelaKhattak It was a blunder from #MaleehaLodhi which people of Pakistan are proud off .. . world is laughing at Pakistan
@MikaSingh Try to sleep sir @mikasingh 😘😘
Young boy we are so proud about ! Keep up the good work
#320 : To TYDG : I'm graduating this year . If I never met you , I wouldn't like you . If I didn't like you , I wouldn't love you . If I didn't love you , I wouldn't miss you . But I did , I do , and I will .
Have a safe . Day . Pray For peacefull & Nice day Jumma Mubarak
CONFESS ANONYMOUSLY . CONFESS GREAT KEEDAS . CONFESS AMAZING ESCAPADES . CONFESS DOWN N DIRTY .... . Submit your anonymous confessions to us at www.iitbsecrets.com
@bethesda any chance to launch Wolfenstein 1 in switch ??
One Of My Most Fav And Most Watched Movie .. .. .. . Baagoon Kee Har Fool Ko Apnaa Samjhe #Baghban .. .. .. . And I Have cried Every Time I Watched This The Song Main Yaha Tu Vaha Touched The Bottom Of Heart Deeply .. . just Love This movie
Hamlog Kohli ka kayal hai . U r birat(big ) in every aspect of the game of cricket . Wen bowlers fail to judge u , we r nowhere to understand your plans
That 's sad great actor in lagaan and swades saw his work at that point of time we used to call him Andy flower coz of his reverse sweep in movie
You are the most successful actress in Quantico my queen Priyanka
Sharma Beti shut up and enjoy Divali .
AS USA HON 42ND PRESIDENT SIR AND WHOSE AS DAUGHTER AS YES THE @ChelseaClinton G KINDS !! THEN TOO AS YES I BLOCKED THE #H G !!
Pm Modi sir ab ander ke dushmano ka kya ilaj karoge jo andar hi reh kar patthar marte rehte he ..
Sexy as always . : *
@nextbigwhat Thanks for sharing . :)
Paau pakad k bol rha hu aamir sir Pls Dangal ka trailer release kariye .. .. .. .. hmlg aapke fan mareeee ja rhe hai .. .. .. plsssssss ♡ U Aamir
@ryanbpotter you 're so cute , why are you gay ? T_T
@BeingChatterjee Itz called government power 💪
virat kholi chutiya hai randi ka bacha
U beauty .. chiko .. great batting and patience .. love u .. love u Team india ..
Appka number dedo salman ji
RT : GlobeTouchInc : RT IoTBlogs : Xerox Demonstrates Future of Protecting IoT from Cyber Threats at McAfee MPOWER Summit …
FB 1504 - Happy maha ashtami .. . greetings for Durga Pooja .. peace prosperity and love ..
@pehps_ Gave up
Hppy birth day .. madhavan .. . raju .. sir plz eska suqule banaiea .. . en tino idiot ko fir se dekhna chahata hu
@narendramodi MIDDLE CLASS LIFE TIME HARD SAVING MONEY REGULARISE ALL BLDG . SOCIETY IN MUMBAI WAS BUILT BEFORE 2014YR , WITHOUT ANY PENALTY ,
Garv karte hai hum indian aap per .. Thanks
best of luck for ur new movie
Wish u very Happy birthday farhan maddy Ah to dono karta hai daarta bhe hai or marta bhe h Priya pe marta h .. . or pyar karta hu bolne se daarta h .. .. . hahaha
Pakistan act of showing wrong pictures does n’t mean that the state ’s pellet woes are non-existent . #disappointing #KashmirPelletVictims
Oh ? Really ! In Ellen Show ! Where Justin Bieber comes ?. .. .? ?? OMG !! !! !
@deepikapadukone @FilmPadmavati Are we going back in time .. . kudos on such natural looks
namo my foot will never help poor hindus or muslims but will kill poor hindus nd muslims vote for aap
100's of tv shows and movies ... http://www.free-tv-video-online.me/
bhai totlly phadu super hero h nagraj ... hollywood ki trh bollywood me bhi inki muvies bnni chahiye ... wese doga ki new muvi bn rhi h nxt year tk ajayegi ....
@rameshsrivats You should start Twatter
@SamsungMobileIN My Gear S3 F , black dot on top of screen , in just 8th month . Dropped idea of Note8 . Feeling cheated by poor quality . 2/2
We would love to do that , but , kya hamein bhi """" doogna lagaan dena paregaa """" ?
Pure din bhai ke saath
happy birthday sr @ sahi baat hie
laut ke aaja mai mit chuki
i cant wait for dangal , so excited to watch it ,,, from philippnes :)
@JamesPearceEcho = 8 more chances and nil converted
please save the series with newzerland bhai plz do n't be so over confident when people are prasing you play your natural and serious cricket all the best for your further cricketing life get centuries more then superb tendulkar
@mohanstatsman Amazing till the 1940s at least 130 overs-plus per day , now struggle for 90 . Why ?!
#327 : Abhi T , I've seen you in the dept corridor many times . Before I saw you I heard a lot about you . I want to ask you out but don't think there's time . Good luck !
Thanks for as u are a criket premi
once again cheapest Football transfer in world . @Cristiano to Real Madrid for pennies . @ManUtd
Watch this thank me later . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A-b2YNErwxw
virat is very good player but Mahendra singh dhoni is the captain cool aur ham sab jante hai ki dhoni ke jaisi captaincy india me koi nahi kar sakta
@PiyushGoyal Dear Sir , m looking for some opportunity available to open electric service station bt nt sure hw to approach .. .
@JeffBezos Hi jeff could you please help me getting my money back from Amazon . Its a hard earned money hope you understand .
Yeah bro . Dont lose hope . Believe that you can fall in love again and with a different persin . Once you find love again , you will forget this girl
Honestly i thought you knpw style but i was difinitely wrong lol
Yadav bhaiya good pace ! Bahut badiya 😆 aisa he gola feko #IndvsSA #CWC15
Tum nahi bollywood king .. . samajlo
#GLOBALHSE2017 conference was held in Hyderabad dedicated to #HSE Excellence , and discussed how HSE is a foundation for #sustainable growth .
rajniti ho rhi h yeh sb n yeh ministr ne krvaya hoga rali rokne ke liye
@HarirsDiary @zaynmalik @inZAYN He noticed you 😍
@sardesairajdeep Sadly u 've forgotten it 's great Dev Anand 's song & it 's his birthday today . U should have mentioned him too
Got my drafts ready
Bhai kyun hansaa rhe ho .. .. .. We r surely not going to watch it
sir aap hamesha swasth rhe khus rhe
Sir your ideas are good but about working on them properly sir ? In a country where ppl do n't want money to be used for Mal nourished children but want a religious place how we can achieve happiness for India sir Ppl need to understand right now we need to stand together gov hospitals schools in up are in pathetic conditions sir
3 . If you have to absolutely watch it , do it for Pankaj Tripathi . Otherwise it 's avoidable .
WTF Bobby
Divya Madan .. . Virat ke bhi pet ka naam Bruno hain !! ! waah !! !
congressiyon kursi chorho
sir what about dramedra i have not been hearing from him is it old age ?
zatmir is pest as slum is pest and ammichod media bas chadha ke leti hai .. prestitute jo hai .. .
Family me vebhikshan Bhi hai .. .. aap ko to pata hai Na kon hai .. .. .
tooo slow
Meanwhile : Twitter should have an edit button . It 's 2017 .
Title to badiya diya Karo yaar
Jay ho modi ji . Aap me Swami bibeka nanda , Netaji Subhas chandra bose , Bhagat sing ka chaya hai . Modi ji aap ladte raho hum aap ke sath hai . Bande mataram .
Sir kindly take some action for unemployed engineers in India .. . especially in up , Bihar , Jharkhand .
Jai ho Bhadai ho team India
Happy Diwali modi ji we all are love you and salute you
Respected sir , good evening , Happy Dipawali , but we are fully understanding the situation of the going on in over the country , specially in national security matter , u would n't take rest , but I must appraise , work being done by SIT and intelligent officer , but still search work regularly in all sensitive and suspected area must be done , We also known all required steps has to be done shortly U are great we are proud of u
Tere hoth dekh Jo kan tak ja rahe hai
@malhotramanish1 Thanks
@abpnewstv That bhu gave me .. . I m proud to be associated with bhu .. And one more request .. pls include BHU girls in ur debate nt others
modi ne aa khar matti pit rakhi hai
indan yallam mattal da naga yallam salacan poi exam attan pannne army ponu nansa nega dhoineku captan offser naga mare podgkura da .. indan is this vast army
@MeeratTariq1 @_fawadakhan_ Yes .. .. It 's very very true 😍😍😍😍😍😍
Hii kohli bhayya i am big fan u i am every match seeing only for u bcoz i like to ur batting style n ur style n ur great job for last day .. .. .. .!
@RohtakPolice @HaryanaTweets @cmohry @igrohtak @Pankaj_Nain_IPS Nice .. .
That 's great bhai I 'm going to dwonload write now bec I 'm your huge fan
@greenrains New phone bro
Fare Forensic audit investigation to track the @EarthInfraLtd buyers advance payments . Need support @myogiadityanath @PMOIndia @arunjaitley
Sir chorho na ye Olympics kuch our b post karo
You can n't hope from a run machine to score more than Goli .. . oh sorry kohli ..
@Jatinku62033008 @TeamOfAliaBhatt Sorry for not being that active 😂
I do n't understand why . I always felt breaking bad a lot from Skylar 's perspective . I could relate to her needs and cries a lot .
Im big fan of salman sir me to hamesha big fan hu aur aaj sunday he sir are you free sir
Raat ko banti he Diwali to .. pakshi kaha udte he raat ko .. baat rahi eid Ki insan khud apne haato se janwar ko Marta he .. .. dewali bhi banegi .. . holi bhi khelege .. maker sakranti bhi banyege .. or rakhi bhi banayege .. .
2014 me to bjp hi ayegi
If this team is truly united .. You guys will be the ruler 's forever .. .. No more Terrorism , No more Usa , No more Pakistan , No more isi Bharat Mata ki jai ..
Better than tendulkar . But not the best . India se bahir nikal k performance kren na
@ddlovato I love you from India .
A great thinking , ek dam sachi kha
thanks God we do not have now terrorist supporters Government in central #RohingyaHafizLink
* My Dad encouraging me to run * Dad- You run slower than your grandfather . Me- Dad , he is dead . Dad- Exactly . 😑
Kevin Dooley John Scallan
as they r biggest match winner butvalso new zealand lost them india lowest players are kohli he cant do anything fir india but aldo he can do 1 thing he can defeat india always
Nice ahh 22 G
Hi MODI ji , your foreign poli
aap hi pm bnoge rahul sir baaki sb to bs bhokte hai
Retirement age for #GoIDoctors has been raised to #65Years . More efficient medical care will be provided . Grateful to Hon . #PrimeMinister
#IndvsPak sir jadeja kuch jaadu ho jaye !! We need wickets ... pray u all ... do voodoo if need be . #Ashwin <- go tiger get us the stump
One old friend is better than two new ones . Moscow is our old and time tested friend .
Welcome PM John Key !
@EmresBrylcreem V effectively used by many by now
rohit Sharma mohit Sharma aaj talent mohit ko de diya rohit ne
modi ji y tv wale itna add dete h y 2 min add ko follow nahi karte pls inka kuch kariye kya iske mantri ji paisa khate h kya jo kuch nahi bolte her 1 min bad add hada h abp walo ka
mujhe darde ishq ka har ek maza maloom hai , dard e dil ki sazaa kya intahan maloom hai ,
@lady_gabbar I can n't decide if this guy hates you like he loves you , or loves you like he hates you 🤷‍♀️🤔
@Zaya4Jaya @har1603 Mere muuh ke baat cheen Lee basically I missing zaya 😝
Hello modi sir drink and drive accident high level in tamilnadu pls stop that
Today we loss the match but its OK Virat dikha dega New Zealand Ko next ODI match me
Meet u once this is my dream bhai
to hum kya krein .... tere mama papa thodi h jo teko awe advice dekar smjate firein .... jo krna h kr .. :P
#DTD100Million get me shirt @zaynmalik @inZAYN
Well said dada I too always admire watching him playing
@crchaudharymos Congratulations Sir !! ! So proud to see
beta hum bhi engineering college mein baith ke yhi soch rahe h :P
hi and virat kohli is great batsman , and l hop kohli is second batsman will be after sachhin tendulkar
#newton is full of stellar performances but logically its garbage ! A vote fanatic officer did n’t cast his own vote neither did his team !
He is the best player in the world Chutiya logo .. uske bare me kuch mt bol .. . Sala gaar k rakh duga mitti mein
@Airtel_Presence Isha check below all I am getting is that u will get back to me !! ! It 's so damn irritating . I need a call back asap
Best of luck Bhai
Dear @Airtel_Presence ur service simply sucks customer , waited for 8 minute to talk with customer care . And finally they have cut phone .
go into the roots of every problem
@dm_ghaziabad Several such illegal factories are running in Ghaziabad Industrial area , Vijay Nagar
Russia is , of course , a valued and strategic partner of India . But relations with it can n't be at the cost of USA because what the USA can offer to India vis-a-vis economic and military aids , Russia can n't do that at the moment . Moreover , we have also to take care of China . Without the helping hands of the Americans , we can n't hope to contain and check-mate #China .
really missing u sir .. .. .. we lost gr8 actor .. i alway remembered dialog for movie lagan .. .. APNI AAMA KO YAD KAR RAHA HI ,,,, :(
Feel proud that the India 's best captain is stying in Ranchi . Jharkhand . And most imprtant nearby my house .
best of luck aamir jii
yeh movie koi dekhne wala hi nai hai
again he will boost us , again he will inspire us , like he do everytym , taare zameen par bestest . perfectionist in all ways support u always love u and waiting for dangal to make new records in box office . ur prouded fan : * :-D :-D
Aasah hei ki yeh dekh ke kuchh Pakistanis kutto jalke margaye hoge .. .
@AsYouNotWish Proud of you !! ! @TrinetraUK
m surly gonna to vote u , if u hadn't came thn too
#288 : I studied at PACE and we were taught by this vernacular genius who said that he taught Priyank and that he was his favorite . Then he started talking about how Priyanks are used to remove caffeine from coffee beans . And everybody is being really dumb and thinking that suddenly they've all lost their hearing senses . After some time he draws those Priyank's structure on the board . It turns out he was talking about freons ...
Hiii assalam o alaikum jaan
Salman sir aap ka gaana supar se uparrrrrr .. .
Jag ghumiya thara jesa dekha nahi par such mucha hamne salman sir jesa dekha nahi hum bhi jag ghum ghum lar thak gaye jese the wese rahena sir
kuch bhi max
Is baqwass tareen bowler ko Yorker king banadia :D :D Lol .. .. khuch sharam hoti ha koi haya hoti ha :P
pls like my fb page for free registered softwares , latest movies , movies songs , live tv , live cricket , ebooks and many more things
slow and steady wins the race , wish you will become pm in 2014 , hope you will take appropriate step , but be careful
in memory of manna dey
in order to save the nature ( rhino or wt so ever ) , we would have to work towards , we should work 2 save the climate change . i appreciate paul 's work but it does not look long term remedy , anay wali insani nasal LOOLI LANGRI paida hogi KHAN SAHB agar sab kuch aisa he chalta raha ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, steps ahead towards WATER CRISES is a better cause
Are you talking about the hair-sucker ???
Why is student politics criticized , when some of the most prominent leaders of indian politics came from student politics ? #jaagore
Great memories muqader ka sikander pervarish heera phere
Champion With Champion MS Dhoni is best captain MS Dhoni is best batsman MS Dhoni is a best Wicketkeepar MS Dhoni is Cool Captain MS Dhoni is King of Cricket Only MS Dhoni 's supporters are allowed to hit the like button .. .. !
Know more about this great car Datsun redi-GO Gold 1.0 L #VoteForGold @DatsunIndia .
@CaniSports Road to Ronaldo 's is creating wonders in your sub count . So happy to see ❤ ️
@Aap chutiye hai
The mega stage is all set for #BiggBoss11 😍
Robust ties with #India must for freedom of navigation : #US Joint Chiefs of Staff General Joseph Dunford
I watched aap ki adalet . you are right .
Salman bhai you 're amazing !! Sindhu made us proud ..
draws a loud no from his audience
Strength is the medicine for the worlds disease . So go ahead . Jai Hind .
Grad school dude !
Dhoni bhai .. .. Yuvraj ka phone toh utha lia kro .. .. ..
@kiranraza_01 Even while making assignments at college we cross check facts .. . this was so highly unprofessional from Pakistani diplomats 😊
This is just one of the best stylish car ever Datsun redi-GO Gold 1.0 L #VoteForGold @DatsunIndia
Haha .. . it 's so very true that public has a short term memory . Few months back there were posts flooding in social media about boycotting this movie for expressing his wife 's comments and today this very movie which was sworn to be boycotted is getting thousands likes and im sure will be a blockbuster . """" ye public hai ye sab janti hai lekin sab kuch jaldi bhulti bhi hai """" ( ya bhulne ka natak karti hai ) #hypocriticalsociety
are kohli ... pakistani ke ball pe out nai hona tha BC .... sab saale isi khushi me patakhe phodne lag jaenge .. #IndvsSA #SAvsIND
@Jamuntini How about a coffee date ?
NZ support India for NSG gazab jaadu h bhai Modiji me !
bhai jaan you are the simple best . dua karta hu aap aur aapki family hamesha khush rahe .
Just scrolling the dms hoping something 😂😂 @inZAYN #DTD100Million
Master mind is United States of America Who born Laden as isi
Pratik , Muhammad , Kapil , Abhishek That feeling you get after a successful Goa trip :P
Firstly and the most popular has been a long way to you .. .. Sarkar
U great by hert , kabhi kabhi waqt nikal kar Qur 'an bhi padh liya karo mere bhai , kabhi kabhi sajda bhi kar liya karo , apne Rab ko razi rakho age aur badhna hai ap ko , best of Luke , shukrana ada kia karo by thewy Hajj per kab ana hai , jaza kala khayer , Allah protect u my dua with u .
Sahi baat he sir
iit delhi fresher 2013 boys ,,,, iim kozhikode and iim ahmedabad mba 1st year boys ,,, iiml 2013 class boys ,,, iimb pgp 2013-15 boys check ur message in '' other '' . dont check message in '' inbox '' , check message only in '' other '' . ' other ' folder is next to '' inbox '' folder ....
@ReallySwara saw your Neil batey sannata nailed it .. 👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼 keep moving forward !
This time again a sparkling Diwali . .. New York has surprise gift for you
LOVE U BHAIJAANN LOVE U SOoo much .. .. ♡♡♡♡♡
Pawan Tez tune likha h ?
Me bos God se duwa karta ho k me Virat sir se kob milo .. .. aur moje puri omit he k me ak dn jarur apko milunga .. .. muje v apki tarah cricket khelna he .. . me avi pectish kar raha ho .. . avi muje bahut c match khelna baki he .. .. Virat sir play wel and try to cary 100 above run in evry matsh .. . thanking you ..
Saale Ashish kaminepan mein to yeh idea to tere liye starters(in a dinner course ) ke layak bhi nahi hain
Are u a maal ? I mean girl ?
@SamsungMobileIN My Note5 has screen peeling off in 11th month , ASC says , will be chargeable bcoz possibly dropped :( . 1/2
#Mangalyaan completed its 3-year orbit of Mars on my birthday :) #probes making waves in #space . #loveit #astronomy #buff #India #ISRO
Comu Teri pic ban dear drohi Pak mai release kar
Why always dangerous n dump hazardous things in India & specially why tamilnadu :-(
Its good bonding n shows grt relatn wid everyone .. Bhai .. U r really grt .. Luv u .. . Ur biggest fan ever
virat kohli is the ran machine man any cricket tunaments or any events any venue he is the greatest and super power in the world cricketer only one man . my dream man virat i support almost and more and more only one earth mad fan to virat kohli me me me .
Very best sir Wah kay bat hai sir Very Ati sundar Vichar dharaye diye hai Hamare Priye Damdar Great Prime Ministar Shri Narendra Modi ji
Chalo Mohit Sharma ko 10 ads guarantee ab #IndvsSA
@BebeRexha We love u more 😍😍💜💜
@RaheelaKhattak #IndiaAtUN #sushmaswaraj speaks strongly with conviction #Pakistan #MaleehaLodhi speaks wrongly with fiction 🤣🤣🤣🤣
muze Aap se milna hai bhai please
Started watching #OneTreeHill from Season 1 and realise what a great show it was to teach about life .
Yes we are champion
PM Modi is the great .. .. a man with great vision for india .. . jay hind
aap ka fav short COVER DRIVE HAI or MERA BHI FAV SHORT COVER DRIVE HAI q k ye short tumhe pasand hai issliye yehi short mujhe bhi pasand hai bhaiiiiiiiiiiiii
Thank u sir modi ji .. Aapne hum hindustaniyo ka seena Garv se bhar diya .. Ek taraf Pakistan me koi Nahi gaya Aur dusri taraf aaj Asia Ki badi taaqat humare jameen par humare rang me rangi hai .. Thank u sir ..
Where does the POLITICS end and GOVERNANCE begin ? We need more of the latter , please . #BHUViolence
YU are locking sOo hOt
kaun sa prfume use kiya tere cousin ne jo tu attract hokr sidha bed pe chali gyi ...???
@ashilbran Do not befool people by this senti pics #RohingyaHafizLink
Colour ful suits to all of them . Under modi jis leadership not only india all other countries will be colourful . It 's a message to show you are world leader .
@aliasshivani @aliaa08 Because of some school stuffs n all . So I did n't have any idea that was in Delhi ! I was clueless .
last 5 years everytime connected with our constituency attend every marriege antim ardas and all caltural programmes also have done many works of our area
Suit mei toh gentle man lagta hai tussi
#203 : IITB guys , why can't you use deodorant , why can't you brush your teeth , why can't you spell check , why can't you stop pinging random girls on FB and whyowhyowhy can't you just dress normal ? After all this don't complain ki bandi nahi milti ...
@alokpi Now try Gummy Bear , that too has 1 billion views on YT . See if it moves something .
in jallado sa chutkara delao nmo nmo abki bar up ma bhajpa sarkar jay modi
@TajinderBagga Very true bro .. . Jai Shri ram
Varun look HOT In thz Picture Naa <3
truely heart touch song
ma tho iska flm dekna kabhi nahi jayunga bht acha soch tha tha ma isko a tho sala desh drohi ha agar app sacha hinduatani ho ar deshbhakt ho mat jana iska flim dekna aur srk ka flm v
Greatest actor , the real hero , golden heart salman vai .
i was ur fan modi ji
Wao u so smart , dashing , handsome , active , cute , sweet , and delicious boy .. Pls ans toh kiya kro
Happiness is Experiencing #FIFATrophyExperience with @bankofbaroda at Kochi .
@vivekagnihotri Till d time @OfficeOfRG is a Youth Icon 😂
aapko pta h jb india ka match hota h to hm sabhi darshak kaise time nikalte h match dekhne ke liye ?? or jb time nikal bhi lete h to aapki performance kitna dil todti h hmara ? aap jeete huye match ko itni asani se haar jate ho to sabse jyada hope hmari tut ti h ?? so plzzzz play gud nd gets results gud for us ,,!
happy bday #Amit sir ji :) god bless u always !!
@motorolaindia @Moto Are you planning on a minor update for MotoG5 plus . Fix the camera bugs asap .
Let 's follow the lights Let 's follow the crowd Baby , we got to get out Let 's get out of this town #mesmarized @KygoMusic
2-0 😍😍 Martial ❤ #MUFC 😎
i was wating ,,, in Ellen show ,, Omg . love u priyanka
@aliasshivani @Jatinku62033008 @aliaa08 OBVIOUSLY BABA 😒 ❤
So sorry for his death . He is a wonderful actor . I love his work in every movie , especially Lagaan . Indian film Industry lost a fantastic actor . At last great respect for Rajesh Sir . God bless him .
@varun_faiza @Ciiimonex Only my aashirwaad works and my maa always has it 🙂🤗
Good morning Amit ji i agree with u
Aamir can spend so many hours in the gym . Aamir please spend a few hours in moral science class to learn values . Such a class might help you learn that you must not spit on something that has given you everything . Body bana lee hai , todha demaag aur imaan bhee bna lee jiye
@twinitisha Celeb woes 😊😊😊
@Armandii Hi ! We will look into it . Thanks for bringing it to our notice . Have your registered with your email ?
@MyIndusIndBank when using forex card , how can u send new pin by post in 7days . person who is traveling overseas uses d forex card . 055369496
Posted about same thing 3-4 times Please posts some updates on work going on Like whether work in Varanasi started or not
@ashokepandit Oh sore loser . Loosen your Khakhi Chaddi .
Rajini is super star for indian movies .. . Ms dhoni is super star for great indian team .. Also coolest captain ever ms. .. I love your challenge ms Really .. ..
@MileyCyrus Like @brookesimpson needs to win thisssssssss 💛
like always u make all of us by ur inspiring deeds plz hit a century in tha nxt match .. .. a big fan of urs
@jyotyshekhawat You are saying right
Super .. Rate bhi dal dete ..
Friends is evergreen , no show comes close . Even after 23 years , friends still holds up as fresh & funny .
#259 : One of he tricks I have used several times successfully in order to get an II instead of FR or XX especially when bunking an endsem , is to buy ayurvedic Jivodaya Netraprabha eyedrops , bunk the endsem , halfway thru go to prof's office ( when you know the lab sidey or the TA is invigilating ) put 1 drop of Netraprabha in each eye and enter the office ( you need to do this real quick ) . By this time your eyes will be super red watering and dark black tears will be running down your face , this is when you lean on his desk and pathetically tell the prof you have acute contagious viral conjunctivitis and you are very sorry that you couldn't attend the endsem . By this time your eyes will be blood red burning and tears will be streaming onto the prof's desk , he will jump back in fear of contamination and scream at you to get the fuck out of his office . Of course you need to do all this in less than 30 seconds , because that's when the eye drops have finished their initial burning effect and your eyes now feel cool and heavenly peaceful ( careful the fucking drops are addictive ) and the redness goes away . I have conned profs 4 times with this tactic , successfully getting II instead of XX and getting an entire summer/winter to mug at leisure .
Reform system sir .. .. if you want .. .. reformation can be done
IshQ waLa || ~ ^ŁøVě^ ~ || — listening to Ishq Wala Love ( From """""""""""""""""""""" Student of the Year """""""""""""""""""""" ) The DJ Suketu Lounge Mix
@sardesairajdeep Look who talking 😂😂😂 15 year carried gujarat riots Now talking jobs Nonsense .
Mr. Narendra Sir Modi you are my great idol after Vivekanda , so much I 'm learning from you .. .. You are the great person .. .. .
tu pappu ka pappu hi rahega
Dekho SULTAN ab digital pe . On @iTunes apple.co/2bTzVRr Google Play : bit.ly/2bL77Im #SultanOnDigital
Hamko autograf degi di ..
acha hua gf ne chod diya ... ab tera wakt kuch useful kamo me lagega ....
it's the best chance ... to propose ... otherwise u would be another popat ... :D
Very nice teacher day
sir ur granddaughter name is also palindrome """" Aradhya """" ☺
Salman bhai reply pllz
No words aamir bhai u r awesome
@Ankita911Dalvi Big eyes 👀 Hypnotize .. Lag di had mainu
jivan me jane wale ke saath bitaaye huwe pal hi sath hote he
12 vagya pachi ek photo mukidese ho tame
Ooooo itna hot q hai tu
Sahil Gaba probably now you can apply for permanent residency for new zealand . Thanks to modiji
meri himmat nahi hai tumhare bare me baat krrne ki because tum phele se he better ho thats why me sirf ek he cheez likhta hu wo hai BHAIIIIIIIIIIII me tumhe apna bhai bolta hu bleave me woh bhi barda bhai me sirf do jan ko bhai bolta hu first tum or second tiger shroff issliye me sirf bhaiiiiiiiiiii likhunga haaaaaaaaaaa bura laga to srrrrrrrrrrrr bhai
mulk kharab nahi hota waha k log use kharab bana dete he gande comment karke
@RealHistoryPic Think he could have done wonders if allowed to . Truly clean and great economist , But not a leader
@arjunk26 Looking Awesome Arjun love you 💕💕😘😘😘 @arjunk26 .. . Ur in Delhi n I want to meet you .. . 😭😭💕💕💕
It's our campus outfit .,., :P
Another one
that 's y am proud of u salman achi soch h apki
@lyfroksshivangi Shivangi take a chill pill 😂😂
@SmitaM7 by our post sale agent at the back end and progress of cancellation was not reflecting against your booking . However , by the time
virat bhai ye sab tumare mehnat ka natiza hai bas aise hi mehnat karte raho aur 8million support ko aur badate jao congrats for your 8million on instagram
Good Luck & good night Sir
Aapko Kuch batana h
Sustha jiboner dua amaro , amader samayer hero , our hearthrob
@Isoumyas i love Cats 😾😸
Good morning bhai ji
@Fakespearre Then you can n't sleep tomorrow night either . MUFC-CSKA , PSG-Bayern .
The person in red jacket has many secrets inside and he is not a trustable leader at al .
Good .. . Makes every day count bro .. .
Bilkul sahi baat hai sir Ji . .. . koi bhi nahi soochta . .. .
So beautiful click on this evening
@tatadocomo I was informed about some technical problems with #TataPhoton . So How long is it going to take to fix it ? Please inform ASAP .
Greatness of Sri Big B . Happy B day to Sri Vinod Khanna . Wondeful childhood memories u both gave me . I can never forget Khoon Pasina , Muqaddar ka Sikandar , Amar Akbar Anthony , Heera Pheri . Thank u both aur Jio100 saal .
@AaronCBaker @theMrMobile I hear you :P His voice is so soothing to the ear , perfect for narration , especially a life story .. .
hadd h yr kuch gals ini dumb kyu hoti ... :-/ :-\\
@mediocregandhi Normally I would n't get grossed , but insects in mouths are a sure grosser .
@AditiMallya Now im curious
I love my India . I love Narendra modi sir . I am big fan of Narendra modi sir . Jai hind . Narendra modi is the best pm after 50 year and before 50 year .
Just a promotion of E DIL HAIN MUSKIL .. . only .. .. to grab attention .. . ( For Ranbir ) .. .
Sir apke vichar aur soch bahut ache h
Pta tha isko dhoni ruk gya toh winning six koun lgayega .. . so run out kra diya captain ko
beta - kha na bus u hi dil bhar aya
Nice 1 PC mam .. .! !!
The ones calling him an ANTI NATIONALIST . HE STARTED SATYAMEV JAYATE and HIGHLIGHTED SIGNIDICANT NATIONAL ISSUES LIKE CHILD MOLESTATION , ROAD SAFETY , MEDICAL NEGLIGIENCE ETC . He pays MORE TAXED THAN YOUR ENTIRE LOCALITY pays in a YEAR . He is RELATED TO MAULANA AZAD one of the most SIGNIFICANT FREEDOM FIGHTER of INDIA . And moreover what proves your METTLE as a NATIONALIST .
pay karna thk h agar 1st date pe wasool b karlo to :P
#251 : I would like to confess that I sent false confessions to IITB Confessions .
0-2 Martial !! !! #ChampionsLeague
bcci why has made dhoni captain , he should have retired 2 years back , koi kaam ka nahin hai woh
Awesome & Aunthetic look Mr. PM .. .. . In your period only , we saw number of Overseas people are visiting India for bilateral relation & business development .. Congratulations & Sky is the limits for ur success steps towards incredible India . Great Salute ji .. !
The wet hair did n't work and the long sleeve completely covered 1 arm . That red carpet pic will go on fashion police .
dil k dariya me mohabbt ki kashti hai ,
A LEADER listens to understand .. . #MicFunda
He was the only player to wave back to the crowd at Ranchi(I was in the stands myself ) , behaviour tells us enough about a man .. :) was n't a die hard fan before .. Now I respect the man deeply
u r looking nc .. .
Hatsup u virat ji
Who r you to suggest ms Dhoni ?. In games win or loss it 's part of game
nw feelng lucky ke tv ni h match dekhne ke liye .. othrwise itni gaaliyan de rhi hoti
This Is So Jealously For Me When I Got To Know That My Chachu Met Priyanka Chopra Two Times In Mumbai !! ! In 2012 & 2013 😭😭😭😭😭😭
Love Salah , probably the best value-for-money signing amongst the attackers , but I see him being consistently invisible in 2nd halves .
Yeah kahan se khoobsurat hai !! Aatma khoobsurat hogi but not Physically !! And yes we can say she is too lucky !!
I like very much our resent prime ministers all the activities
Love u virat pajiii # Ap shan ho Indian team kaa # my best Athlete ever
@Lisaraniray @GehnaJewellers1 Lovely
@Queen_Meghna Yup . Coontext matters .
Sam Lewis #DatMomentWhen u+da boyz are chillin n sussin ' out hot cricket memes on ya Facebook feed
How could it possible yaar .. .. R u know how much cute n attractive u r .. .. Love you moreee .. .. . My cutie pie
Who is going to fight whom .. . India Russia Friends , Russia China Friends , China Pakistan Friends , Russia US enemies , China US enemies , Japan China enemies , India pakistan enemies , US saudi Arabia friends , Saudi arabia pakistan friends and India US friends .. .. very complex relationship do n't understand in world war III who is going to side with whom and who is going to ditch whom . Now hearing Russia China and pakistan forming alliance against US . Just wasting trillions of dollars on deadly weopons which will never be used while billions starving living in sub human conditions .
Ever was lying in the depths of the pit & today I am flying with the wings of blessedness .. ! ❤ @SriSri @RahulJGD @madhavajgd @DeekshaGupta22
@akyiitg We regret the inconvenience caused . We will look into the case history and will revert to you accordingly . Thanks , SS
Raina in traditional wear .. !!
@SmitaM7 Regret , no further refund is applicable against this booking .
Jitna likh k tune hame pakaya h na kaash itna apne bande k saamne gidgidaayi hoti to wo tujhe ab tak TAAJMAHAL ki photo gift kar chuka hota
Big B sab .. .. u r great
Both of you r our best friend . Without your help our freedom was quite impossible . Never show your back to us . Always take us with you in your development programs .
shame pappu , shame congress
Arre 8 run bna lete to hm jeet jaate could not even play a single ball
Lekin Dhoni mein aggression paisa karo , Delhi ka match Dhoni Kay slow style ne hara diya , Either shd play fast or quit .
You must not lose faith in humanity . Humanity is an ocean ; if a few drops of the ocean are dirty , the ocean does not become dirty . - Mahatma Gandhi
Txt Me Girls for Scrt Howtt FuN .. .! !!
yes , he is helping many students . Anyways , isn't he suppose to know more rules and regulation regarding registration than FACAD and HOD combined ?
and yet , you don't mind when they like your confession ? do you ? :p
Respected PM sir , desh me base terrorist ie separatist , obesi , Nirupam , chidambram nd all corrupt butocrats/politician par kab action lenge . Plz take action on these ani social elements to protect our nation from these dirty garbages .
very nice
Dear Sir , Its our prime responsibility to remember them & make sure that Russian People always loves Indian stand behind the Indian people Growth .
India team got a star virat kholi , india team achive better rank in the world cricket . if you like batting kholi thoko hit like .. .. .. .. .. .. ..
bhai tussi great ho yar
Thank you sir for sharing this informative postings
Yes nice pic sir Amitabh Bachchan ji ..
happy frnshp day salman khan aaya mosam dosti ka in frnshp no sorry no thanku
@PaytmTickets Local train 💗
@Fakespearre Cool . I 've got someone to talk ( tweet ) to about the match(es) ! 😁
Plz sir cooli railway platforms porter cooli yonko D group Jobs give me sir
my deep request to all celebrities to give some donation to our brave martyr soldier 's families jai hind .. .
Bhai Ek Baar Mujhe Baat Karo Plz
OMG .. .. Versatile actor aamir sab kar skta hai ..
Your all new looks become fashion .. . how it happens i do n't know ? after god of cricket you gave me the reason to watch cricket .. . goli to yuhi badnam h aag to kohli ne laga rakkhi h .. . well said sehwag pagi .. .. at last i m your die hard fan virat sir .. .
@BDUTT @prashantktm @rahulsinghx @ShivAroor Whr r u we kno we do n't kno come back to ndtv
I love u sir ji , I respect u always bcz u r real hero of India
oye tnsn na le yar m b mbbs wala hu .... . back lagna koi galat baat ni hai mujhe b aayi thi .. mbbs me aa ? baat hai ye so get over it n tell to ur dad .... isse pahle unko khud pta chal jaye
Bhai 1st day 1st show only for you
@IndiaToday @Shehla_Rashid Havents seen a bigger idiot than shehla rashid
Modi ji namashte me ek handicap hun me jaha jataa hun mujhe koi kaam nahi detaa pls handicapped ke liye koi kaam ke bare me sochai thank u
Oh sexy picture.my best fevoritue heroin you . i like you
Kayi pagal aur akal se paidal hai comment karne wale .. ..
rocking posters of the Salman Khan Productions Freaky Ali directed by Sohail bhai , story of the film is looking great with twists , sports & entertainment always attract audience :)
Do n't believe chaina it 's very dangerous nation to ours you will not repeat mistake of jawaharlal nehru American friends are developed in our world . So we will not lose American friend ship 's
Aby ye mms kon si site pe hai ,,,,, link dena koi ....
And you have a peaceful day and bless your heart and your family and you always working hard on everything you do
The giving has to be unconditional , else it becomes a trade . #Inspiration #Motivation #VivekSinghBlogs #Quoteoftheday #Instaquote
Punjab wich v khol do store salman ji
Sir aapko kya bol rahi hu aap sms dikh te nehi ho ? Ya dikh k bhi egnor karrahe ho ? Plss sir comment ma ye sab nehi likh sakti .. Sir meri bhi to ek life hena ? Sir hum sab ese comment ma likhte hain es liye bht bat bolte hain logo .. Sir pls sir ekbar hum sabki bat sunlijiye phir jo karna hain karna
@RanveerSingh_FC @JovinaShah @RanveeriansFC @RanveerOfficial Wishing you a very Happy Birthday jovi 😘😘 ❤ ️ ❤ ️🎂🎂🎉🎉
Chuutiya poster will be chutiya movie too it will be big flop the most intolerant guy in india
.. Congratulations too all team member ..
whatever man says about u . i dont care . i love u so much . cool & handsome personality MS Dhoni .
V v nice & incredible design I like u & its specially at yr battler . Love u
Congratulations to team India
@Swamy39 Next Sonia Gandhi .. .. Sonia 2.0
@TarekFatah @Javedakhtarjadu @NasirPalli @kanisshk Muslims went for a picnic ? You are a nincompoop
amit ji good morning , u r gr8 that is why ur are the boss of film industry some times write about babuji
I really proud of u sir
@Winkerbell_ but the police works under Modi Govt . How canu trust the police ?
Ek baat toh pata chal gae confessr ki aap jo bi study karte ho wo aapko samajh ni aara hai isliye u mug up things :p
no words for ur pic sir bcz awsm , nice , supb r too small words fOr this pic .. .. .. ur biggest fan #1
@Gurmeetramrahim #BlockBusterMSG . Woww .... Oye balle balle ... :) thank u soo much for ur blessing .. Love u .. Dhan dhan satguru tera hi aasra
Virat is the best captain test & ipl Up coming to t20 & ODI CAPTAIN
@IndiaToday @PadmajaJoshi Yes , 100% agreement
I never insult people I only tell them what they are .. . 😊
Your one word dhanyavad is blessings 4 me . No word to express the answer .
sir kholi akbath bolta hay . mara man na hay ki is world may jitni vi tim hay sob ko goli sa dar nahi lagta jitni ki kholi sa dar lagta hay har team ko . salut aapko . kholi hay to . india team hay or aap nahi to india team nahi . okkkkkkkk .
teri desires m bf h tbi to shadi krana chahte h
us date ko mere papa ki barsi hai 9.9.2002
#davesaves what a start to the game #mufc #ucl
Best wishes brother . I hope your team will whitewash nz .
A great step forward taken by our PM in isolating Pak on terror
So cute the birthday girl passed out before 12 . Hashtag old age :')
ini aslinya slmn at plsu traslai ok thnks
@AntWadebridge @Barcaa999 @GaryLineker @GarethBale11 How was any handball ingentional in Chelsea vs barcelona .
Neha nain .. .. . aap jitna miss doni ko mis kr rhi ho utni las tum apne parents ko krti acha hota
@SarhBear Thank you :)
Chalo IND aaj opponent ko SAF kar diya #IndvsSA
@CrazyFangurl_ @Mannnator Exactly !
Yr confesr aisa kar thoda rolls royc phntm ban ja aur apni 8oo ka picha chodh purani ho gyi he range ovr pakad
Royal pairing wd hema ji .
Yes bhaijaan .. . ek sadi badi karlo .
@lenovo @Lenovo_in Feeling cheated , Adp offer registered still no communication from lenovo , after repeated communication
#283 : This is for a particular shitty prof . For three weeks I've been watching nothing but climax of a zombie movie in which the protagonist went on rampage & killed the bad guys ... buddy mend your wrongdoings or else I'll go mad and murder you with a sawed-off zombie shotgun .
Sexiest , hottest and the best actress I had ever seen .. .. .. god bless you .. ..
@RahulEaswar Sorry Saturday is already booked for Jews so please look from mon- wed
FaRi KhAn . Bhaag ja sali randi pakistani suri tuje kisne kha . Amitab sir ka flaan chushegi tu
the name is enough narendra modi
Sir kha he aap .. .. .
Oh my good !! ! What a sad ! He was Wonderful actor in lagaan . I was watching lagaan yesterday too .. .. .. thats sadddd
You are one of the best pm india has seen . happy that u are taking india forward . its good to start nuclear plant but similar effort must be taken towards starting solar power plant .
#NoRamForThisBhagwan Election is nearing and Siddha 's chamchas are up with their antics .
I have mobile number of sallu
#News : @RanveerOfficial will turn cricketer #KapilDev in @kabirkhankk's Biggest sports film set to reminisce 1983's World Cup ! #RanveerSingh
* bows * .. my frnd
Kingsman is fuckin A ! Go watch !
@thefuturishere when 's the stream starting ?
@mohit0205 @jayeshdewana12 That is the same army , who arrested #AungSanSuuKyi for 25 years .
@CelkonMobile #CelkonCheers4India Oye Balle Balle 1 aur Four http://t.co/dCvJmecLqr
Sir I want to say that you are a brilliant actor apki acting dekh ker mujhe bhi acting kerne ka dil kerta hai
@BeyondFrills Nepali nah 😑 , 25 still sounds plausible
@mirnesa87 @veejay_k He left us in tears with his freaking beautiful acting 😭 His acting prowess is commendable 👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏
SARE MUSLIM HI COMMENT KRTE H ISKE HINDU TO KOI V NHI AUR KOI V MUSLIM SIRF MUSLIM ACTOR KO HI LIKE KRTA JAISE SALMAN NE PAKISTANI ACTOR KE BARE ME KHA
@Ram_Guha @SushmaSwaraj LOL . Your Congress morons are still stuck in crediting dynasty for TV . meherbaani kiya kya koi ?
Ellen show !! !! Keya Pasad
#HinduMassMurder I really appreciate @sudhirchaudhary efforts . @narendramodi ji must take action . just through out Rohingiya Refugees out .
Sir yek bar socho to abtak aapko kisine social mediya me mafi magi kya sare duniyake samne letter likha kisine nahi na sir arjit sir aapke big fan he aur big fan hi yesa karte he sir
@DrRizwanAhmed1 How can I make my protest valuable or with as I man nt associated with any organization
KDB n David Silva were amazing .. . So was Fernandinho .. There 's much more to come from Bernardo n Ilkay ..
You're right I confused Arabic with Greek , that's the language I learned immediately after Greek , and all this happened 15+ years ago ! ~ M2K
#205 : Before coming to Bombay I was a never-been-kissed virgin . Now , after 6 semesters , I have a big bag of lingerie in my closet and I've done more than a few very questionable things . I am proud as I learned some tricks along the way and had a great time as well . I think this is a part of growing up however our society is fucked up to an extent where we question our virtue . I hope you all of my generation will bring up our kids to be free thinkers who enjoy hedonism rather than feel guilty because of social programming .
Hi , our idol aamir khan . hoping we can watch ur movie .. ..
@jbkavungal Glad you liked it . Thanks for sharing :)
Sir ji u r looking so different .. . we want to see u as PAHLEWALA CHIKU .. . 2013wala
@itsSSR No words to speak 😘😘
Bhart ne toss jita h Match b jitengeee #IndvsPak @balliawalebaba
Should 've Been Firmino Instead Of Mane
@jimmykimmel 140 characters is too long .. 280 makes it old&new testaments put together .. Keep 140 , but do n't cut on pics and links shared ..
@Yashika12_K9 @KapilSharmaK9 @kingaliasgar @SonyTV @WhoSunilGrover @kikusharda @haanjichandan I luv u yashika 😘 U Luk stning . WL u b mine ? 😍😘
jo bi hai us ky bina trolling ka maza nhi aata
Bharat Prabhakar Sai Karthik
freshie lag rha h :p
koi baat nahi modi
haa haa haa arre nalayak mad mohan ye tujhse to kya kisi se nahi hoga , modi aayenge tab dekh lenge
kisi ne tere badle likh dia hoga :P
@LeahVdc game by game . No rush , just take it easy . Man management game too strong from Zidane .
nitish kumar lalchi hai es mamle mai unka etihash purana hai
Hats off to Sir !!
@mikyroxx Sometimes
Let 's build each other up today !! Put this as your status to see what people love about you .. . I love your ______________ .
Brlnt Ans By bf on Brk Up . Girl ; Tmhe Mere Jaisi Ladki Nahi Milegi . Boy Chil swthrt Mjhe Tu Hi Ni Psnd To Teri Jaise Kyu dhudunga
I love you so much
Is this the South Africa we know ? Maang ke nahi cheen ke lenge #MaukaMauka India to break the jinx #CWC15
Our PM , D best leader in d world
anywz gud nyt sir take care
Parents ko bolo boyfrnd dhund de , fir no family pbms !!
@spicysid20 @SMignolet Mate you forgot about Firmino and Can both were not good today .
hm to lut gye tere pyar me jaane tujh ko khber kb hogi
justt sign up here and get that recharge within 24 hrs
Bhai fr a reason
And he never stops scoring , Cristiano Ronaldo . What a player . #UCL @ChampionsLeague @Cristiano
Aap ko to baat hi alg h sir .. love u sir ..
@aayam_shrest predicted this line up 😄 i find our subs more interesting 😆(not in good way of course 😩)
I ’m now ruing why I subscribed @reliancejio WiFi which is non-functional since it was installed on Monday ! No response from @JioCare !
dard dilo ke km ho jate hm or tom .. .. . . .. .
Big be signal best photos chahiye
@H0SE0KIE I was studying but that was like 3 hours I 'm just watching paramore vids rn I should probably sleep
Sir sena ke saath aannaaay mat kro sena ke saath justice kro uunko dookh hoga to desh ko bahoot paap lagega
^like a boss ...!!!
Aamir Khan Hindustan ki shaan . not only an actor but also a social worker .
Last ball pe six lga ke jitna to India ki aadat ho Gyi hai
Great Movie Sir ji . But it would have been better if the judge punished the corrupt SHO of Surajkund as well for misusing her position and distortion of facts and making a mockery of the whole system .
Nic poster Aamir Khan by movis dangal
Desh drohi hai pahale respect krta tha but yeh to desh drohi nikla .. .. . jo desh ka nahi hua woo apne doodh ka karz kya utarega .. . desh drohi
According to BBC daily 590m people do surgical strikes in INDIA ( poo or relieve themselves in the open or on railway lines ) .. .. .. .. .. .. .. lol yeah cross firing to surgical strike kehty tu phir devali tu world war ho gi in ke liye lol
Many people will not head down the street until all the lights are green . That is why they do n't go anywhere . ― Robert T . Kiyosaki #quote
We love u #dhoni_sir
There must be cordial relationship between appointed leadership and elected leadership .
Jag ghumeyaa thare jaisa na koi .. .. i m big fan .. . salman
What to say about Virat , he is a AVATAR of cricket God . Mix of world greatest players . He had both technique & temperment . He is future of Indian cricket .
I am very upset from @UPGovt . It is not taking care of @BHU girls . @ajtak_news @CMOfficeUP do something sir @narendramodi
sir . maine being human foundation mai eak msg ( email ) kiya tha .. .. but sir reply nhi mila .. plzzz mujhe answer dijiye
i love u ms dhoni
happy baday sir ji .. ..
Best Deepawali Gift to any Visiting P . M . LET 'S HOPE FOR MORE CO OPERATION . THANKS RANCHI .
The most vocal pro- active Prime minister India has till date . His visions are farsighted and the result will be evident in years to come . He has uplifted the INDIA image and we feel proud of such a dynamic leader to be leading the country :)
i love u salman sir aap great ho
Baghban boht achi movie ha.is film ka part 2 bana chahiye
@ProAMTraider @ParikhAngel @zzzune @harsh_dv whole world is banking on world famous 97xx to hold … lets c …
He is a cricketer .. . then why he is there .. .. he do n't know anything about the administration of Indian army so realese him .. . its my view .. .
Salman bhai Iska Trailer Kab Launch Hoga I am Super Excited
dhoni is best captain and best finisar in world and best lion in world cricket forest
sir ek bar or bat karo
Cake ke badle koi achcha kaam jaise kisi ki madad ya koi donation wala kaam janam din par karne ki pratha bhi shuru karsakte hai . Cake ke paison se kisi bhookey ka pet bhi bhar kar .
yeh jalwa .. .. .. only for amir khan .. .. ..
Bas karo modi Bhai ketlo farso ane bija ne faravso ave kai desh na garib loko mate pan kai vichar karo dil thi request karu chhu aa harva farva nu band karo kam karo kam plz
@VikramChatterje . Good n8 smilly . pls dont stop liking or tweeting due to sme unwanted persons as ur tweets r ur fans support system .. big hug
Good luck to India for this position
I love you and Wish now I am even more confused than ever .
we want this type of awesome movies from you my bhai
Russian ties should be of the first priority sir .. . please take care
jai jai namo jai jai rajasthan
2017 is going to be the year with highest No . of natural calamity . Yet to come many more . May God Bless us . #peace #god #blessings #2017
mjhe to lgta hai they hate Hindu ' too tbhi unki hindu clg walo se banti nahi hai :-p
Virat is fab .. . I like the way he bat , and I m excited that he is soon gonna break all the records of sachin tendulkar . He is gonna be my best player in rest of my life .
Twinkle twinkle little star .. . Hmara kohli hai superstar .. .! !! : -*
We love you Bhai
HAPPY BIRTHDAY AMIT JI
@xiummmin LOL 😂😂😂 you ’re amazing hahah
Aakhir sd budhdhi mili ..
@BBSRBuzz please make a poll and let us know how many pandals are there . Bbsr vs cuttack . Kolkata has more than 2700 n Delhi has less than 100
Sure Boss ji :)
@LulWild @CSOFFERME @Papanomalyxd Now go rekt and piss off people in deathmatch
Hit like if Dhoni is the best captain and finisher in the world
Good luck for NXT match . I think agle match me aap 100 jaroor kroge . so give ur best in mohaali Bst wishes for 100
@HiHonorIndia 100% correct
#212 : I'm a freshie and I love my afternoon poops at MB . Nothing is better than not caring if I clog the toilet and the fat that I don't have to walk the long walk back to the hostel , have less time to dump , then walk all the way back ... ( Sending this from my mobile while I poop )
M-Man O-O f D-Developing I-India ..
Misbah JSA buzdil ar khudgarz kaptan mai ne kbi ni daikha shoib akhter
Love u salman bhai
Tweet Tweet Twitter :D And we are here ! #FirstTweet #BabySteps #PurpleSketch #PurpleSketchDigital #DigitalMarketing #Marketing #WayToGo
@arshadsyed001 @faizanlakhani pta nahi hum toss jitne kelye duaa karte usne toss jita feilding ka faisla kia
Rahul Gandhi Campaning In Gujrat Elections is Like Rajpal Yadav Trying To Win Over Angelina Jolie From Brad Pitt ....
Syed Sheharyar Ali aamir khan ki check maar .. !!
@McDonalds @McDonaldsCorp we need choco lava puff , you guys launched in South Korea in India please please
Great modi ji aur ajit dobhal sahab aur putin sahab
Yours is the light by which my spirit ’s are born : you are my sun , my moon and all my stars . Thankful for everyday with you 🌻
good night sweet dream amitabh sir ji
kaha pade ho chaker me koi ni hi takker me
this shows the government 's keen ineterest in developing a remote place , somewhere in our tamilnadu , to make it to develop itself and to contribute to the country .. .. .. . proud of being indian sir !
vijay dina nath chuahaan haiii
Helo amitji namaste . 6.10.2016 was my daughters bday . plz convey yr blessings ..
namo ji iss baar hum sab aapke saath h jai namo
The chick from Suits is going to marry Prince Harry ? WTF
@NiazDiary I did look it was in just one .. the fact of the matter is to give credit which was missing . Thanks for the efforts though
@MonicaSDogra I love u 💜😘
Great sir .. . Modi ji , could you please ask about Our greatest leader Subhash Chandra Bose ji Russian archive files declassification
1 day to go for #TheCaptainsRide organised by the #SteveWaughFoundation 70 cyclists will join Steve on a 700km ride . The monumental event will focus on putting rare diseases on the map by raising awareness and money for children with rare diseases #SWFAustralia #PleaseDonate
We win the match .. . hip hip huureee .. .. .. India . India .. jeet gya bhai jeet gyaaa ..
@SmitaM7 we had received your request to stop the cancellation process , cancellation had already been initiated from our end as per your
Iam not fan of winning dhoni .. . Iam fan of ms dhoni so i have no word for dhoni sir he is greatest captain and his mind so fast like a bullet train i feel very lucky iam fan of dhoni sir .. .. . But iam always saying msd theone man army
The boss of cricket world . World best match finisher . Biggest match winner for India . no devilliers no Smith only Virat is the best . or Vese bhi Aaj kal fogg nahi Dushri team par Virat ka khof chalta he . only Virat fans allowed to Hit like botton . love u soooo much viraaat brooooo
Niice khoay Salman Khann
Yaar main irani cup ki practice start karna chata hu unse bol official call de de yaar nahi to classes hi classes chalti rehti hai
wo bhai awsme waitting sohail khan love uh
the real thiger of india nomo
Sir u have come this far and we all know Russia is a good allied of india for long do n't let Pakistan to take advantage of keeping away our country 'sgood ties with Russia I hope u understand wht I mean thank you Jai hind
@republic Why do n't u question BJP & Modi for slowdown on economy , growing unemployment , fuel price rise , falling GDP , inflation etc .
prime minister ji ne raskha sauda bahut achchha kiya , maine Atalbihari vajpai ji ke baad aise doosre prime minister hai jo samarthvan , shktivan , baatceet me daskh kathor disison lene me saskham hai , modi ji is great leader of the world .
Looking gorgeous and ravishing as always in this beautiful group pic of yours dear Priyanka . <3 :-) Wishing you a very pleasant and peaceful day . <3 :-) Take care , always stay well and try your best to keep all you know , well . <3 :-) Sending you best wishes full of love and joy of this beautiful day . :-) <3 God Bless .
toh main kismat ki line me khada kismat le raha tha
Sahi ja rahe ho swthrt
Why some ov your hair are turning white . I think thats the problem with all the indian captains
Modji , India ( our peoples ) brought up by only culture . Culture is one of the unity of India . There is no deviation in caste , community , religion for our indian culture . That 's why world watching unity of India . Not only watching but also feel how is it possible . Modiji strong man for unity of India .
Happy birthday @russdiemon . Stay up
@Mr_CallumWright See what I mean ?
maro desh bhi intolerant naa he !! .. .. ur cos of Bollywood , bollywood is not cos of you .. . get this deep in ur mind a hole
Really an important meeting for India to accelerate efforts for n . S . G and u . N . S . C permanent seat
Sir any comment on desh ke majudda haal per v karlo .. .
Congrats on the superstar status
Wow Awesome , for the first time international leaders at an international event joining hands wearing Indian attire .. .. Sir once again you make us feel proud
PM SIR , Lamas of Tibet are selling Chinese goods , they should stop selling to make china economically down fall .
jisko bhi budget main branded chize chiye wo msg kare .. 1 baar jarur mere page par aao aur dekho .. .
@The_EternalKind I 'm here 😊
dont loose like cricket today lot of bureaucrat rohit sharmas there !
Ye movie mai ap bht hi sahi dhek raheho awsmm
O ho parbhu u r som
Congrats dhoni bhayya .. :-) all the best dear .. . :-)
@jiiminni @ironicallynice @exotic_ara @xiummmin @somalipjm @BANGEXO21 You can talk trash without mentioning Exo 🤷🏼‍♀️
the best game i had ever played .. .. . khi uska remake to nhi .. ..
@parmod31787 @arunjaitley Ha .. Ha .. . So funny .
So finally MS Dhoni whispered Faf Du Plesis """""""""""""""""""""" Beta out ho jaa nahi toh IPL se out kara dunga """""""""""""""""""""" LOL #IndVsSA
Aamir fans are waiting for """" Dangal """" please release it asap ;) ;) :)
@Harry_Jerry I use i7 , 8GB DDR4 & 256 SSD
Congratulations Murad Bhai for winning the Yash Bharti award , the highest award in UP
Virat is very very good , but AB is equally good both are players of different style , its true Virat has played more match winnning knocks than AB
Yes bhai ,, this girl is a lucky girl in world ,,, DANGAL AMIT
Pakistan ko na khila k jeet gay ho India walo ye koi jeet ni hy kabadi pakistan r India m hoti hy sirf r pakistan k beger tmne ye jhoota world cup jeet kr koi kam ni kia
Dhoni ke wajha sa haara match one day mai 50 ka strike rate hadd ha isse sa acha to yadav aa jata dhoni sa phela .. .. dhoni ka time to gayo bhayo verat ko banou abh india run machine and indias best match winner of all time
chutiya .. let her be happy ..
@Samsung_IN No Guts . No glory . No Daughters . No story #DadsForDaughters
I never met with him , but when i saw him in some ghost movie as tantric BABA and a mad man in Lagaan his eyes always told his purity of his heart .
Looking forward to it , Dhoom 3 was bit of disappointing but Talaash was very good . We try to catch the first show whenever Aamir Khan drops a film
Waah Ji Kamaal karte ho Salman bhai , Soch lia toh Bana dia Star :) Jiste Mehrbaan Rabb woh mehr kare duniya pe :) Jiyo
Hope you read and reply back . My words for you Aamir Zindagi udaas hone ka naam nahin . Dosti sirf pass hone ka naam nahin . Agar tum dur rehkar bhi yaad rakho , is se badhkar hume koi inaam nahi .
Hi . sir Good night sir
ICR the deadly combo .. . If realised , we are dad of the world
@Selinarai131Rai So please can I Friendship with you please follow me
@BDUTT @nitin_gadkari @OfficeOfRG Before DeMo About 4lakh Cr over printed currency by BJP is unaccounted . Used 2 buy journos , elections byBJP
@HDFCLIFE Yeh Mohit Sharma ko bowl karne do aur 3-1 banao . Don't forget to thank Ishant Sharma for his sacrifice :) #MyTeamMyPride
Bhedchaal is only the reason
Kal main radio pe amitabh & Ramayana Dino kahani suna
i love the village where shooted laagan film . but yesterday i have seen in zee cinema that the entire village was a shooting set and all the actors and actress did great hard work for the film . that was a fabulous job by Mr perfectionist and every one .
I love my India .. .. .. .. .. .. . Virat kohli is my favourite player .. .. .. . Aaj India hi jeetey gaa .. .. ..
Sir , you are always great for us and also its our luck , we have got not only great leadership but also Gods gift .. .. till death , we are always with you As a Indian ..
@Stupidosaur True but thats not a one day affair . Thats for the next generations .
An excellent innings played by vk .. He is a fire man .. We love u my ideal .. Hope so u will play such fabulous innigs .. All the best Viraat bhai .. .. . God bless u .. .. .. .
Collgate kya aapko pairia hai
@voice_of_fire @ndtv so what every single thing is made in china .. .. from iPhone to water bottle .. which phone u use
hye virat bhai your batting is very well at last night154 for131awesome bhai and nice dp
@aliasshivani Hostel ?
I just waaana I . Am loudest possible . Manner that there ai n't a better . High school rommance movie in . This entire . World than aamir early movies and Hollywood . American . Pie series .. .. there ai n't no better romantic Hindi college . Dog sung and . Picture 's Ed better than that of qsqt . Jjwsikander .
Asensio in for Isco .
It 's an achievement for a soldier to be part of this elite group . It 's matter of inspiration for others to choose the hardest among hard . Not because they are forced to do it .. . because they love there country . I m proud of you MS sir Happy landings .. .. wish u many more
The dress is totally beautiful !
How r u .? ?? AB
When Pradhan Sewak ( Modi ) goes on next foreign trip , he should watch ' Newton ' movie in flight & reflect on it in ' Mann Ki Baat ' . #PMOIndia
It 's said we are not able to find haneepreet so called Gurmeet daughter
Efforts mat laga , tera kabhi koi boyfrnd ni ban sakta ...... :/
In GoT , “ bending the knee ” means vowing respect n loyalty to the other person . In real life , it means to vow respect , loyalty .. . n love . 😉👫
Hey Digital Andes thanks for the follow !
Confessor tum sangharsh karo ... mai to engineering kar hi raha hun !!
Kya cricket gyan h PM baba ka
Russia is India 's congenial partner . USA is an evil hypocrite power like China . Both backstab when they see their first chance .
Nice beard bro . nxt match pai century maro .. or ye century uri me sahid jawano k nam dedicate karna .
@inZAYN This would mean the world man !! !
Super Noon Very beautiful Salman Sir So Real bhaijaan in the Bollywood
Gratitude is a way of being ! #gratitudeisthebestattitude ☺ ️ #appreciateeverything #expectnothing
NZ is the tiny country who voted against India 's nuclear deal so piss off NZ
We should love . Not fall in love . Bcoz .. Everything that falls Gets broken .. .
@Swt_Sadhana I liked it
Loved your dance on .. .. chali chali phir chali chali
Going to see you sir in second odi my idol Virat Kholi
how crazy ur daughter-in-law are paa .. .?
Very lucky virat ☺ tumhe shoaib aktar vasim akram or imran khan gleen mcgrath ka samna nhi karna pada sachin ko pta hai kase bowler or tumare samne to lallu panju bowler h
good morning sir to you
#Donedan : Sri Lanka Ne World Cup Match Mein Afghanistan Ko 4 Wickets Se Hara Diya : #LIVE_10 : 42am
9002271571 , hot chick from your hometown waiting for you to talk .
u 'r real hero .. .. i think cool ness and strength are the two words born after u on this earth .. .. unique person with ur attittude .. .. jai hindh .. . mera bharath mahan hai .. ..
You should marry now .
Congrats Indian to s brilliant victory last night and love u virat + chiku bro
Awesome .. happy birthday farhan .. !
"""""""""""""""""""""" jab koi ladki na kehti hai , toh uska matlab na hi hota hai ( when a girl says no , it only means no ) """""""""""""""""""""" #soimportant http://t.co/CkAMzmhH1g
@Hardik_anand That 's some observation !
@TIDALHiFi @WishYouCould_ @LilTunechi D6 on the wayy !
@aajtak @manojsinhabjp Irresponsible behaviour of techcom minister toward their duty is one and onpy one nothing else
@GautamGhosh @SHEROESIndia @Sairee Thank you ! Exciting times ahead :)
Kanchan Chauhan :P Thoda late Jana chahiye tha tum logo ko :D
@NiazDiary Hey thanks .. . just adding bitly link or just posting the tweets as connected replies would be just fine
MODI TERI BAIND BAJNY WALI HAI .. ..
How nice you sweet heart .. .. awesome
bhaijaan aapka special appearance hai ¥ a nahi ?
Jai hind modi ji
best ki definition ho aap Young India ka passion ho aap .. . har cricket prem ke perfection ho aap Kya kahu aapki tareef me janab .. . kirtimano ki pakntiyan ho aap I love you and your confidence Your great innings your bating your eyes and specially your parents .. .
Mahi .. .. . captain cool .. .. . Looking as cool and as handsome as always .. .. . We all fans who respect and love you pray to God .. .. . that Load Ganesh make your movie a block bluster .. .. .. . Mahi .. .. I specially liked the song .. . Beysubria .. .. Sushant had done great job .. . he is able to convince the viewer .. .. . Best luck to whole crue .. .. Neeraj great movie .. .
some motivation for me
Cevap versen nolur bi kerecik be nolur :'(
Walk like a champion
My love for you is n't mean . Till the time you are happy , I do n't care if you are with me or someone else . Just kidding . Fuck you .
@TheRedmenTV moreno & hendo were solid every1 else kept missing chances or giving the ball away why take off mane not bobby ? need vvd&naby😑
@3576Aya Shall be obliged to wait for you .. .
your smile is really delightfull priyanka
I do n't know why guys still love Bandra girls when girls hate guys who bought for ₹ 38Cr .
Next match main aap 50 run se jyada marna bhai .. .. .. 50 ke bad aap jitna run mariyega utna minutes hmko milega mere sweet friend ke pas rahne ka mouka hm intijar karenge bro .. ..
You have choosed right person to sail in same boat . This will certainly help India To be more stronger
Kahape join karey apko g ? Anonymous confessions pe asking support :/
Found 79/100 cards @amazonin , App dont shows how manny cards i have Found but great game @OnePlus_IN 👍 #OnePlusTrainofCards
I like u cricket
"""""""""""""""""" @Bhawna_Sharma Hence my WhatsApp status reads """""""""""""""""""""" my replies depend on my mood """""""""""""""""""""" 😈😈 """"""""""""""""""
Sare facebook par letter likhadiya sir aapka namka kitna pyar he ye aapko kaun pyar karna nahi chahega aap ho hi pyar karne ke liye
Russia and China are like snakes . They will bite the hand that feeds them . India supported China gain a permanent seat in UN and China fought against India 's entry .
manna dey madhushala manna dey
When gov has no answers for economic wobble , violence in campuses n inflation ; propaganda channels r out to save the day . ☺ #RohingyaHafizLink
Aap bahut achhe lag rahe h sir .. bahut . but clean save me raho sir plz .. .. .. plz . plz . plz . plz .
@Jatinku62033008 @aliasshivani I m sleepy bt I m not sleepy . I hope it make sense 😂😂
sonia ney cbi ki janch ki mang ki hai
@Fahad4014 It was a blunder from #MaleehaLodhi which people of Pakistan are proud off .. . world is laughing at Pakistan
Sir aapko world ke hr festival ke bare me knowledge hai .. .. it 's fantastic
world Cinema Super star is Rajnikanth World Cricket Superstar is Dhoni
Porn dekh rahe hai 3no .
Virat praaji Aaj ke din Aap kuch Spl . Karne waale ho chuk de india
@HDFCLIFE Kehte hain humko pyar se India wale Chhu lete dil ke taar se India wale Har jeet cheen le haar se Indiawaale #MyTeamMyPride
Waow jai shree krishna
Hope ab aap n kitna jee feel good kar rhe honge ..
Mubarak ho Amit sir g lv u , gud nyt
congres ne sabhi ejinciyo ko bapu ji ke piche lagaya hai to desh ki khabar kaun dega
Destroy all the weapons and lets spread humanity everywhere .. .
a solutn also of that problm
Hafiz said ka g frend
Salute modi ji purey Hindustan ko Russia se Judd ke khush kr diya
Jo hindi sajh nrhi pati ov roneki machine banjati
@OnePlus_IN Slate grey Gunmetal grey Graphite grey
Sania mirza so simple beauty ., ,, muhe bhut swt lgti h .. ..
more curious year by year For every new season of this show #1october #BiggBoss11 #SalmanKhan @BiggBoss @BeingSalmanKhan
@Sensible_Mona @DatsunIndia Lol campaign :D
@MumbaiPolice many vehicle are plying on roads with dark filmed glass and fancy number plates , why are they allowed , why are they not removed
hitt like if you love virat sir
I will give you 5 lakh rupees if you can get @kamaalrkhan to Delhi iska bhoot banaunga mein
Much
@Kaustubh_K1991 @VG90IN Do n't worry BJP soon is tying up with the honest NCP
Nadal and Berdych look like an awful team 😂 #LaverCup
@weareexceed @Lisaraniray @rado Gorgeous
every where priyanka no1
@sidin I feel you bro ( Y )
Kapil Dev : Mohit Sharma ko halka kar Diya jaaye pressure se #IndvsSA #WontGiveItBack
wow virat nice g
#199 : Masturbating is evil , please don't do it . Or you will go to hell .
"""""""""""""""""" @Ahmadbilal111 Atleast I have n't mentioned """""""""""""""""""""" Ronaldian """""""""""""""""""""" in my twitter bio 😂😂😂 no bhakti , just pure admiration """"""""""""""""""
shahjade modi se mt takrana
Best of luck defenetally you will win and team India will be no 1 also in one day
His dialogue """" Aaja firangi """" & """" Apni amma ko yaad kar raha hoga """" & also """" aapka naam jo bhi hai accha hai """" .. . .. worked alot but at aamir 's blog i have to remember such unconventional role by him . RIP
virat bhai and dhoni bhai you are both best batsman we are always love u we are all real fan and im your real fan big fan and big father my dream also cricket one day im play both of u my age is 13 bye bhai
Ekk numbeer look hai virat . Bhai kal new zealand ko harana hai . Play well bro . I wish india wins tomm and takes a series .
4 min me itne likes
#278 : Rajshekhar you are the most genuine person I ever met . Wish you were mine . :) the first time I saw you I fell in love with you ... Didn't want to accept it though ... Then luckily we became friends but could never tell you what exactly I felt for you . Tried several times ...
I am agree with Brendon Mcccullum 's comment .. .. . really you are india 's suputra .. .. keep it up virat i am alwayes with you a big big big fan .. . best of luck for your bright future .. .. .
Virat bhai aap clean save hi thik ho Ye look apki personality pe match nhi krta
@IndiaExplained This kind of protest happening since last 2 years . There is similar pattern in every university .
bkchodi hai ...
aapne ek din bola thha , 5 apple 45 ropis ke aayte hai , or 5 apple 45 hajar ropis ke aate hai ,, aaj bo bat bhi aapne sahi batahi
@niostwit Can you reply to solve the issues
@flipkartsupport @_sachinbansal @Flipkart 54 Hours and still Continuing . Just let me Know is this possible or Not ??
listening to Ishq Wala Love ( From """""""""""""""""""""" Student of the Year """""""""""""""""""""" ) The DJ Suketu Lounge Mix
Rishi Sharma AAP TO DUDE NIKLE :P :D
Main to sirf itna jaanu hu ki Sultan jesi movie na pehle kabhi bani h aur na banegi am a Sultan Fan
Love you and congratulations And thank you for this beautiful smile All the best for next LOVE YOU SO MUCH MY JAAN
@aliasshivani @aliaa08 She was *
Its such a pleasure to watch your team play the CL with peace of mind .
"""""""""""""""""" We do n't need 280 characters ffs We need enough characters to just type """""""""""""""""""""" send nudes """""""""""""""""""""" . Stop letting us use it for emo shit . @Twitter """"""""""""""""""
Nice bound and good to see the cultural exchange for nice bondong
Sabka bdla lega re budiya tera fejal ek no dilog sir
Check you out standing on the left . Lookn so beautiful .
:D Bot Powered By Rehan Maxi :D => PoWerD By KinG BoT TeaM <3
@bitingfriends He has Dylan 's whine no beat no rhyme you keep 'a yo rapper I get ta keep mine .
#295 : This is an Inter-IIT love story . I was a simple guy and never ever thought I will fall in love or get addicted to a girl . As it happens , a girl came in my life and she changed me completely . I was totally infatuated with her and watched as everything around me including my personality changed just for her . I was obsessing about her nonstop ... wanted to be there with her , for her ... everywhere , everytime . I wanted to be her first , last and only point of contact . In time she got into another IIT . But then she started meeting other people and avoiding me , and it made me feel very disturbed . Then she dropped the ultimate cock-blocking man-bomb and said that she doesn't want this relationship and I agreed to friendzoned ( yes i cock-blocked myself ) . Man this killed me and affected everything around me , felt like the world had caved in suddenly . Obviously it affected my endsems also . I am able to accept if she gets a boyfriend but I can't imagine them having sex , it totally kills me . I really need to talk to her and be around her . I have learned the hard way to live without her but being with her adds great happiness to my life ... come back if you don't have a boyfriend .
Humera Butt add me
Pakistani ' s khushi is directly propotional to India's defeat ☺ 😀 SA walo aj na phorne dena inko phatake 😉😬 #CWC15 #IndvsSA
Let 's wait and watch .. .! Let 's not bragg about it as Russia not a baby to manage of handle .. .. most tactful , smart , clever and self centred .. . if they are real friend , they must sacrifice their interest in/with Pak .. . control terrorism .. .. impress upon China too . .? Another subtle enemy from within .. .!
Jai hind ! Search : The+transfer+protocol+amazon New SciFi book . Order today !! !! New way of storytelling guaranteed !
my his soul rest in peace
@freezekookie @ch2852 I m so thank full to those people for feeding him . Thank you so much whoever you are . I m really grateful to you
Keep shinnng and Bring pride to the Nations , I love ur Bating Mr Virat Kohli , GBU Always ji
Modi is the world rubbish and killer pm and exporter the terror in the world want independant inquery about kashmir issue
VanillaMuffinx3 Glad it was caught ! Here are some additional layers of security you might want to add to your acct … …
Happy birthday Sir ji
If Virat Kohli has million number of fans i am one of them if Virat kohli has ten fans i am one of them if Virat kohli have only one fan and that is me if Virat has no fans that means i am no more on the earth if world against Virat i am against the world i love Virat kohli like a genuine big fan .
Bhai tu q n captani karte ho Dhoni ka khel khtam hogya Virat yug aana chahiye boss
"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""" Why should a financial engineer be paid four times to 100 times more than a real engineer ? A real engineer builds bridges """-""""""" """""""""""""""""" #theinsidejob """"""""""""""""""
@vasudha_ET Why only 300 years ?, Mahabharat is 5000 years old .. .. and then there were stuffs older than that .
Karan Bhalla Bharath Jannu Shrenik Shah Siddharth R Shah
when it comes to tried and tested friend .. There is no country better than rush and japan for india .. and every time they prove it .
Imagine reading a book of all the rumors your friends ever told about you .
@JohnNosta Smartest
chill .... at least think of family !!!!
I think Times Square is holding something for Diwali Priyanka Chopra
Waiting for this amazing movie No doubt for sure its been Amir bhai 's another cult magical hit . its gonna be a record breaker .. . In all aspects
main tumase pyaar karata hoon :) tum ek bahut achchhe khilaadee rahe hain . main tumhen hamesha badhaee deta hoon <3 ( y ) Aamir Khan Aamir Khan Aamir Khan Aamir Khan
Sir- Do n't waste your time on China as they have got significant stakes in Pakistan so even if they agree they wo n't speak against . Accept this and based on it discuss with China as what alternatives we can provide or if we convince them that they stand to loose more standing with Pakistan .
@ItsAmrita__ i will gift you new maskara 😂😘
Be careful for Xi jinping .. He is frod leader .. no doubt
@LeroySane19 Why you selfish , but i love you ♥ ️ ♥ ️
Good very nice Pichar hay ji Goru ji
Owsmmm lubhh uhh Virar sir .. . bht hi mst dhek re ho lubhh uhhh cho choo choo much .. . : -*
Anek anek dhonnobad .. .. kohili da . I have salut to you .. .. Akta request korbo pls rakhba .. . tomar mukhe dari ta besi baro rekhe kharp lagche .. . pls ar ektu choto kore kete nao dekhte hebby lagbe .. .. ok love u by by .
very beutiful song and looking nice anushka didi
Love u pm sir . Also , this is my salute to our most precious friend Russia and my most welcomes to the best friend Mr. Putin
hello every one hit like my page it is about every thing you want in your life and i am sure that you guyx will love it
Income base pr quota ???? i thnk quota systm to hona hi ni chaiye , students ko unki abilities ke base pr adms milna chaiye
Srk fans are keeping Hny as the most anticipated film of 2014 😂 Then why was HNY 's opening lower than kick in real terms ?
Learn to listen to your body . I am trying . Now I know when to have a banana or drink water to avoid cramps in my legs after running .
I love u viru .. wish you very very happy diwali nd # #best wishes team india##
@brindarana Thank you for sharing Brinda
Lo ji ho gya superhit
@BhayanakPuppy Annabelle . I cried coz I was laughing too hard .
@Selinarai131Rai So please follow me friendship
Kohli bhai daadi safaid ho gayi aapki , itni tension mut lo
Dangal machega movie tkt ke lye
Bhai this message is for the time when ur bat will not speak .. .. . it 's true u r champion .. . salute to your mom
Har subha aiina pe uski nazar ate ate hai Har shaamraat CHAND pe uski nazar ate hai Har tare pe ussi ke naam hi nazar ate hai Har roze akhir mujhe nid kyu nahiiii ate hai
welcome to NY Ms. Priyanka Chopra hope you 're Diwali is alright . Peace to your family
tereko india me nehi rehena chahia
KYA SALMAN BHAI AAP APNA PROFILE PIC KYU NAHI CHANGE KARTE .. .. ..
Mahi is the #one_ &_only Thalaivar of world cricket ..
Oh bumrah team k liye 6 run nahi bna sake aur photo khichwa rhe ho :-( :-/ :-/ :-/
inc is the dna of india
Hi Salman Khan My birthday Plz Reply
hgya kabada .. sis bro ke relation ko to baksh dete yaar ..... chal chodo tmhare galti ni hai ..... harmonal disorder hai dono me :p
If #LFC want to take anything from this game it should be Moscow ’s Goalie ’s both of them made more save today than Karius & migs #Clueless
he will live in his songs
Its nice to see u enjoy other sports aside from cricket . I ENJOY CRICKET .. .. Mwah
@IndiaSpeaksPR @kailashkaushik8 Opposition ke Muh se khana cheen raheho .. Bahut na insaafi huwa he .
Great deal PM Modi Jii . S-too will boost our security and our anti missile power . Jai Hind .
Cena which time or day or date u come india , please tell me & ur indian fans , huge following of urs in india tell to them #AskCena #INBOUND17
@avarakai @IncomeTaxIndia Same case with me filed on 5 aug
Chalo ishq e nikhah karle Dehaz me mai apni saare khushiya le Aaungi Meher me tum apne sare gum de dena .. . luv u my luv
Leutient Colonel Mahendra Singh Dhoni .. Best Captain Ever in Indian Cricket .. .
Aamir bhai ne thik kaha k larkiyan kisi bhi mamle main larkon se kam nahi hain . or ye bat in coming movie main bhi batai gai he . Wese man.na pare ga aamir bhai ko is wakat poore bollywood main un k muqable ka koi bhi hero nahi you are the .. MEGA STAR .. LOVE YOU AGAIN
@ICC rubbish .
@sarcastic_singh Yeah that 's what I did the first place . :)
@lovely_manisha How are you Princess
Sir plssss ssc gd ka result jaldi declear karaye plsssss
Also , Shakuntalam instead of Shaakuntalam ( or Shaakuntalaavanyam , to be precise ) . There are published glossaries for this , available free !
y jacket mujhe dedo sallu
Very nice sir koi bhi desh tabhi aage ja sakta hai jab financial and militry strong ho . AND MAKE IN INDIA KO AAGE KARNE KE LIYE DHANYABAD
@Bryce_LFC A new team ??
Virat thank for god and very tie game in delhi and so happy congurlaction for team India and how it will be rest of the tournament and so happy for last 3rd odi and next Sunday after noon 1:30 gmt . god by wall tonight performose . take look good nigh t.t han k u virat , & sorag and nahi such @18 star plus .
Not happy with walker ’s performance so far in the game needs to put more pressure while defending some easy crosses were not stopped #mcfc
Amitabh nearest meaning baghban
Priyanka ji , Can you send it to me
Nice Salooo bahiiii Following The idea of Great Leader Imran khan
@pehps_ Depends .. .
Arey Bhai Kaunsa Chutiya Rahane Ko Opening Mein Bheja Bai Ye Oneday Hain Test Nahi Koi Samjao Usse .. .
@BeingSalmanKhan hi salmankhan my dream see you i am irani i love you i go to india summer for you i am a muslim you are my motivation
My friend is your biggest friend virat by this I also jeless but it true because aap iske huckdaar ho
@hero_raheem Thanks ! God Bless !
She is found running on road at model town place in new delhi .
#343 : I have a huge crush on a gal who is in EE 2nd year . I don't know her name . I want to go ahead but I don't know how ! Please help me machaoo seniors of IITB .
Sabse best actor amir khan
@RetardEngineer I guess so .. . still to explore more things so yeah !
@YousefErakat Yo nice biceps 🔥
I tough he was Donald Trump
Dua krugi ki next pm v ap hi ho aur hoge v
Language barriers . Any species of the above mentioned group who can speak hindi passably well will have a very diverse friend circle @ iitb .
M too narela m rahta hu ....... or app ? ritu ji ....
#200 : I want to confess that I am a total loser . I saw the most beautiful girl during Techfest and followed her to the bus stop as she was leaving campus . As much as I wanted to talk to her and get to know her , I did not . She got in Bus 422 and left . The same thing happened the next day and I followed her again to the bus stop . This would have been the perfect chance for me to talk to her but I was so busy eating my bar-one and being a loser that I didn't . After a while , 422 arrived and I did not even get on the bus . I am such a loser ...
Virat you biggest match winner in the world important to yh hai ki apa hmari indian team ho aur aisa nhi ki hmari team me match winner nhi hai but apa sbse jyada important ho because you are the match winner gn .
Mahan actor in india
mai ncc cadat hoo pakistan valo sabhal jao nahi to jis din bharat ne jang kar dee us din pakistan tabahi hogi
@gnash Same fam
Very naic salo je
bekar h ye game bhai
It 's been a long journey Mahi for you to watch that .. .. carry on
dudhu pila deti to best hota .. .
congress ko jab har ka khatara mandraya , to fir se sampradayikta ka shor machaya ye to wahi bat hui - sher aaya , sher aaya
modi kick in banana shoot
Janamdin ki anek anek shubkamnaye .. .. .. Stay blessed .. .. Uddit Sadhh
poor hindu and poor muslim do not want to fight each other but they want to fight poverty
@kronosVB Work is fun . Studying would best be answered by said persons parents .
love u vai jan
@gary_hensel Hahaha ! 😂 true . Learning the art of silence albeit comes late !
SOL wale k gf SRCC ki ??? km fekna chaie tha :P
Mene aap ke sultan move 5 bar dake hy
If 🏠 Buyer defaults 1 cr ., Buyer in trouble but #SAVEJPWISHTOWN if Gaur default 1000 cr Bank is in trouble & for 10 , 000 cr , GOI in trouble
sale kutiya si ban ke baith gya tu uski bagal me to aise kha setting hori teri ...
@jessfraz @redteamwrangler that should n't even be allowed ! xD I think this should count as crossing the border now ! 😂
Happy maha ashtami !! !
Aamir Khan HINDUSTAN ki shaan . we are with u always Aamirji .
mr. modi . apne muslims ko comon civil low ka use karne ko kaha to unlogo ne iska virodh kia . hamare hindustan me do kayda chalta hai . videsh me ek hi kayda chalta hai . sab jagah comon civil chalta hai . hamare yaha nahi . kyuki yaha pe sabhi sarkare mislims se darti hai . yaha ki police . sarkar ki vote bank hai . modi ho ya manmohansingh sab ki vote bank hai . hamare yaha hindustan me muslim mejority me he tobhi vote bank ke liye vo logo ko minority me rakha hai . muje ye bataye ki minority ki vykhya kya hai . kitni tadat ya pratishad ko minority bolte hai .
@nahid isnt your reply an answer
@WWERollins will go one on one with @BraunStrowman next week on #RAW
I wish Trump get elected in US , he will surely destroy US . haha . We should remain with Russia
@Snapdeal_Help What a sales model !
kisi ko koi haqu nahi hai jo mere mazab islam me modakh lat kare
good going dude ... keep it up ... :P
I like to you . PM . Narender Modi .. .. good work in India&world . Thank You Modiji
Picher filop hai sab auto bale
Day by day , India 's image internationally is shining even brighter .. #56Inch Long live Shri Narendra Modi
A Humble Request : Help a Human Banno , a young lady , recently came to know that she is having carcinoma breast . She had undergone surgery for it and now on chemotherapy and will also require radiotherapy . She was previously working as maid for her living but now is idle . Her husband ( Rashid Mohammad , resident of Sikandra Agra , Ph . No . : +91 90588 91425 ) is a labourer and had four children . Their economic condition is not good to bear the cost of her treatment . This is humble request to you to help her in any way . Our small but important contribution can help her a lot . Her account details : Name : Banno Bank Name : Canara Bank Account No . : 6030 1010 00859 IFSC Code : CNRB0006030 Please do share it widely .
Shoaib Akhtar saying , SA ka performance toh Pakistan se bhi bura . Chal chup :/ Cannot compare Humshakals with Himmatwala ! #IndvsSA #SAvsIND
having mentoring as culture at Aditya Birla Capital #leadersasmentors @abcapital
Agar ap chahty hain kih kesy masail hal hon .. . tu ap mujh si zaati hesiaat mein raabta karin IN SHA ALLAH ham mil kar koi na koi raasta nikal lain gi .. . mujhy naa tu app si koi zaati faida chahiay aur naa he koi maal o daolat .. . kuch nahi chahiay .! !! !
Martial in this form is just irresistible . #MUFC
Wow you look beautiful Priyanka Chopra
Lol .. . ha ha ha .. riya re aida dekaite hoppe
@SHPA4016 @titli29 @SrBachchan Main koi jhoot boleya .. koi naa bai koi na bai koi na .. oye balle balle balle balle .. haha .. I rest my case ;)
I remember all these pictures of urs <3 Thanks for sharing with us ! Hope you have even a better Diwali this year <3 <3
@blogchatter 3 . I work best in limited time . Give me a free day and I 'll have nothing done . #Blogchatter
Normal sa question tha ? Bus aise hi attention dedo kuch b :
@StarDustFarmPG PTC is back up and running
Do Surgical strikes on black money early .. ,
Congrats Bro .. .. .. for finishing the match with soft hard action .. .. . cool bro .. .. Jay ho .. .. .
Kohli you are rock you are great king kohli I am a true fan of you I like you , if you were playing king kohli ' by tumhare jaisa hi khelta ho ' or school team Ki taraf se khel raha ho
@JayantRai_ Dhanyoshmi ! God Bless You !
Salman bhai ' mohanjo daro ' ko v promote kar do
Lovely Jacob know she sent me that letter right ? lmaoooo
#hamstersreact please react on dota 2
Dhoni Sir .. aap jindgi me itni pragati karo ge ki . aap ka nam badhega to sahi magar puri india ka nam badhega , dhoni sir tum aghe badho ham aap ke sath he .. . like you sir
I am really wondering to see this much progress on Kudankulam units .
@teamkristen @_KrisJStewart Hey i like u always it does n't matter who u r
Soch raha hoo iss baar phir se India ko World Cup dilwa doo . What do you think ? #IndvsSA #CWC15 #BleedBlue
Yek shayeri page like kiya tha uspe shayeri dekhi thi phir sab shayeri ka kabaf hamne bhi shayeri se hi diya
M2K stud h :D
Tv pe dekhenge . Download mein net ki speed kam ho jati hai
Didi why u far away form ur country at diwali time . We want you stay at india and enjoy the diwali with your friends , fan and countryman . Beacuse it 's our great fastivles . And we all miss u . God bless u didi .
Me tumare satha hi jeewan ki antim yatra tak jana chahati thi par tumne hi bicha rasteme utrane ka sochaliya me apne rasteme tumhe chalte huye dekhana chahati thi par tumne hi bicha rastame hi mujhako choddiya
@DolanTwinsOG @EthanDolan I really wish he does .. 😍😍 ❤❤❤ 😘😘
I NOW INDIA WILL ONLY WIN
Best of luck for new movie Bhaijaan
I am proud of u modi you r the best PM
Do n't wanna do anywork .. ! Do n't wanna sit with no work .. ! Then wat i wanna do .. ! 😕 just #sleep & rest .. .! GoodNight all 😴
Main dil se yehi duwa deti hu ki aap ki bat aap ka saath kabhi na chore aur India ko jeet dilata rahe . Jab tak aap ki bat se runs ki barish hogi tab tak India nahi haaregi .
Bhai khel ta tu khel ta hain yaar .. .. contribute tera acha hainn .. keep it up virat .. .. .
All my lyf u stood by me when no one else was ever behind me all these lights they can n't blind me with ur luv nobody can Drag Me Down #1D_ 🆔💓
Guys , make the sequel in Goa . DCH and 3 idiots dono ka return dekhne ka saubhaagya mil jaayega .. ..
best of luck freaky ali
abhi so k uthe ho kya sir ji . i love you sir ji . i am your univarsal super best fan
Oh yess !! Saudi Arabia agrees to let women drive . Victory of human rights . Respect for the activists ☺☺ #SaudiWomenDrive #SaudiWomenCanDrive
Jab Virat Kohli Batting karta hai to uske Chehre se pata chal jata hai ki saamne wali team se Virat Kohli Out hoga ya nhi .. ., 3rd ODI mai Jab Main Virat Kohli ki batting dekh rha tha to uske Chehre ka andaaz Bata rha tha ki NZ ki team usko Out nhi kr payegi chahe kitna b dam laga le . Jab usne Fifty puri ki to lag gaya tha ki wo aaj Century b puri karega .. .. , aur huwa b yahi .. .,
bhai unblock kr de unhe atleast vo jo fake nahi h
i love y slman ji
sallu bhai ur the best biggest superstar but very down to earth
Ab kon sa land kr diya depika ne
@mansilausdeo @blogchatter Yes . I will . I 've got my eyes on it .
bhai ap ki sultan movie bohot achi or beautiful hai good luck
Surprisingly Rahul Chowdary failed to impress . Manjit Chillar has scored highest tackling points in this world cup but failed to impress in the finals . Anoop had maintained his composure throughout & lead India to victory . Congratulations to India .
While paying of bill after dinner in restaurant , it feels like state govt & central govt both had a dinner with us . Aam aadmi says on GST
No matter what is the current situation of India vs Pakistan now , I am a big fan of yours . Love from Pakistan <3
priyank kewal Paise kamao
Lakh lahnat teri shkal pe . Salo ghar k shero . Kissi aur countary me jeeto .
sir .. .. . im yor biggest fan frever sir i rqsted u plss .. .. .. comeback yor form and hope u still comeback soon .. .. . fingercross
Bachcha kabil bano , kabil .. . kamyabi toh saali jhak maarke peeche bhagegi the best dialogue which i felt in my life after seeing this wonderful magical movie from Raj Kumar Hirani , Aamir Khan , Maddy , Sharman Joshi Hape b 'day MAddy
ok .. not only did he waste colossal amounts of time of those NRI bandis ... but is now wasting humongous amounts of Alumni-time with these loooooong writeups , instead of cutting to the chase !! . This confession is as draining & depressing as reading Fyodor Dostoyevsky . If time is Money , then not only is he Bankrupt but is neck-deep in debt !!
Sr kal aap 200+ run banayenge our match bhi ham hi jitenge Mai Mata rani se prarthna karunga
rajasthan me 3saal se 24000 hajar vidyartimitra siksako ko regular karne ke naam par ghar beta rakha he , 23 vidyartimitra aatmahatya kar chooke he , wah re bjp gov , aache din lane wale vote lekar ke roji roti kha gaye , sarm karo fekuo , sarm karo rojgar chinane walo , tu , tu , tu , tu , tu , tu , tu , tu .. .. .. .,
Sir college ma sab kahi tarah k bat karrahe hain .. Sab hume doubt karrahe hain . Pls sir ese zada din hum bat nehi karsakte . prblm ho rahe hain .. Sir hum jante hain hum galat karrahe hain .. Sir aapto pade likhe insan ho ..
If you are this active on fb chances are you won't be getting to IIT in the first place . Keep dreaming .
we indulge in scams so that we have perpetual supply of money to keep fooling t see more
A bit late but Kudos to star cast of Kapoor & Sons . What a movie . @chintskap & @S1dharthM @mrrajatkapoor @aliaa08
and in india as 00-32am then in china should be over3am !! ! so yess as U MAY BE OR SHOULD BE SLEEPING AS CAN RECALL THOSE DAYS OF YEAR2014 !!
Kindly ask him to send Kiwis to Patna zoo Modi ji !
@saini_abhilasha whr r u lost @saini_abhilasha ??
22 g dhoni ki life main esa kuj ni hua jisse koi herani ho lekin agar kohli Ko dekhe to usne apne papa ke dihant k bare main ptta chalne k badd v match khelne giya to app he bataye itna bdda dil v hota hai kisi pass I want to day ki kohli k uper biopic honi chahiye
Really sad to hear this we have lost two fabulous personalities in 2 days .. Alan Rickman and now our beloved baba . God bless you soul and ur performance in Lagan stand apart from the rest and we will miss you
“ You deserve better ” is for adults , legends prefer “ agar me single hoti to tujhse hi shadi karti ” .
@Ahmadbilal111 Harry potter world 😂
@lalita_abburu @BhaavnaArora It was actually stuck in agitation and all so govt stopped it 's funding then various temples gave donations
Lets not watch #ADHM and give our hard earned money to a dog charity foundation .. . that is #PAWsitive Diwali .. .. .
210 : I just started MS after leaving an unknown college in India , and everytime I visit the liby in my uni I see this desi guy , and he starts talking to me . How nice I thought , at first . Not long after talked to him , he managed to find me on FB ... we have no mutual friends , and everytime I'm online he always tries to chat with me ... and everytime I visit the uni liby he always tries to sit beside me . He's just creeping me out ... [ turns out he is also pursuing MS and was from IITB ]
Sir , please share army welfare account details with public so that one can deposit some amount . In 2014 you appeal give up gas subsidy , I think same way appeal should be made assist in army welfare fund , I sure results will be good .
Aamir khan is the real king of Bollywood .. .. Reality ye hai k aamir perfect person hain ye movie ma apna role perfectly nibhaty hain issi waja sy perfection ky naam sy jany jaty hain .. .. I really love u so much .. .. Waiting for Dangal movie to watch
Trailer launch hi krte rho . batting to tum se hoti nahi h ? #bloodyfixer
Kohli Bhai old my kids wanna meet u we live in Chandigarh also
what is the predicted target for nxc at the time of release @madfox1234 @BeyondVoidGame
The most beautifuI Iady priyanka
Wow .. .. Frnds Lets #Salute Our Sky Warriors . .. We Too Heartly #Salute The Indian Air Force Soldiers . .. A #MassiveRespect N #Love In Our Heart For U All .. . L ❤ ve U All Real Heros N L ❤ ve U Sir
@ishaakumaar @sharmasakshi05 @lovelifemost @harsharanbatth @BeyhadhAddict @Mh31842103 @Angel_ank1 @Diya39506555 Tasting lipstick 🙈🙈🔥👄
muslims naver hate narendr modi ji
Yes Modi ji is best leader in the world representing largest democracy of the world . Be careful of neighborhood country that has indiscreet butchers and jihadists .
' we are not ricky pointing to win every series """""""""""""""""""""" we are dhoni there is up and down
Sar kitna kam karte hai aap Hamare liye
Bhai bumra ko bhi baiting sikho thori yeh bold ho jata jai
@AnubhawGoyal We request you to kindly check the T&C of the offer to see if you are booking the reservation as per the same .
@shahidkapoor Yeah
All well and good BUT what is Mr Modi going to do about the morally and fiscally corrupt Badal in Punjab ?? ??
@kksshhiittiizz @Amit_Jeswani1 this CMT fellow doesnt google i guess ;)
ap avi kay on line hay vaijan ,,, ?. .. really vaijan ager koi bat hay to ap hay ,,,, jay ho ,,, n jay guru .. .. .. . # krishno bose .. .
@Fakespearre What match ?
Conretulation virat bhaiya for 1st one day match win love you bde bhaiya and Goodluck for your fature
@EASPORTSFIFA @EASPORTS why is the map of India missing one while state ?? #EAStupid
Kaam bolta hai itni si baat hai OFFICE mein jaati har meri raat hai Hardwork ka example is'se bada kya ho sakta ... http://t.co/delkx3Dt5S
@oxymoronic_me I had once asked her out for a coffee . But she denied .
Awesome new transformation Aamir Khan ji . Loved ur rugged look :) .. . U prooved it again ur Mr. Perfectionist for whichever role u take .. #aamir #perfectionist #respect :)
@smritiirani @narendramodi ' NEWTON ' Film tells the world that in India General elections are held on GUNPOINT , people do n't vote themselves .
The designer and the muse .. Thank you Michael Kors for the lovely evening and the beautiful dress .. #godslovewedeliver is an incredible initiative and thank you for making me a part of it ..
hi gud afternoon sir aap jaisa koi nhi
exactly ... she need a person who can be gossiped upon and flattered about while being an eye-catcher of all .. so the conclusion is the above two persons saying's are absolutely right . Gear up back yourself and you will be able to feel yourself stronger than before ... while moving on .. IT MIGHT BE TUFF BUT NOT IMPOSSIBLE buddt . all the best , tc .
I followed your politics life . I want to be leave politics life . I love my india
Modi ji kbhe fursat me hmare tohana bhe aana to aap ko pta lge gaa ki tohana me kitna vikas huaa h aap ko bhe saram aa jaye ge ki aap ka M L A ne yha kitna kam kiya h aagar aap ko mera ye sms mela h to plez tohana par 1 njar daleye Thanks
it's depend upon H10 girl ... LOL ]
Salman bhai your movie sultan was very awesome
boss you r real hero .. .. . boss i am your jabra fan .. .. sabbir salman .. .. .. ..
We all have proud on u sir
Hello everyone !! Lets start few conversations If there 's any question You may ask !! Sabko reply milega
@rasheedkidwai @HMOIndia @IndianExpress @MamataOfficial Has to be tripartite dialogue involving WB govt .
salman khan rockx plz like my page plzzz
mr. modi . desh me jab batvara hua tab se kashmir samsya chalti ayi hai . sardar tab jinda hote to ye samsya nahi hoti . nehru ne 370 lagadi.is me hindustan ke hindu ko apne hi desh ke kashmir me property nahi le sakta . pehle kashmir hindu logo ka tha to vaha muslim ki mejority kese ho gayi iska karan 370hai . aisa low kashmir me banaya vesa kayda hindustan me hona chhahiye tha ki muslims hindustan me jamin nahi le sakte . kashmir hamara hai tobhi vaha jamin nahi le sakta ye kesa kayda .
will you ever even talk wise ?
"""""""""""""""""""""" Misbah 90 balls mein 50 banata hai , aur phir gandhi angrezi bolta hai """""""""""""""""""""" - shoib Akhtar
@emp : What u got man ....???? It is written by a girl and as u r not Indian u may not know what is \ """""""""""""""""""""" SCORE\ """""""""""""""""""""" !!!
All the best for the summit sir . Hope fruitful outcome will emerge from the summit apart from trade interests by improving personal and national bondings . We r interested in mankind and welfare of people of all good nations .
Daaru pi ... while listening to vintage melancholic soulful songs ... process your grief ... dont deny it or try to bury it under forced happiness .. Process it completely to attain closure ... then u wont HAVE to move on ... u automatically WILL .
Damn !!!! SOunds like a wanna salman
@FreshworksInc @mrgirish @Orgzit Looks like there was awesome response at #saastock17 . #Orgzit will be there next year !
If u say so okay sallu
Dhoni Sir you are a great person plus personality sir .. .. .. . u are very passionate towards our country .. .. . we all love u alot dhoni sir
great support naha nair we all with ms love the way dhoni has lived
Russian are no more friends of India and they will never be of Pakistan . They just start using Pakistan to neutralise India USA ties . Their core purpose is to keep selling their weapons to India .
Katrina and @iamsrk shooting @Growels101 Kandivali for Anand L Rai ’s upcoming movie #Rangbaaz
@Banks @marshmellomusic Hahaha that 's amazing !
Ham p bi jawani ayi he ye ankh lare gi kahi na kahi amir bahi ap k jesa dunyA ME koi ho nai sakta ur apke jesa koi banna chahe ye me hone nahi donga ok
Chrissy teigen n John legend 's All of Me , i 'm in love with d song .. really wonderful song .. love it ..
baal white ho gaye par .. rutba aaj bhi wahi he aamir khan
We are hearing a new governer may appoint to tamilnadu . Could be anadi bin Patel . Mr. PM we love and like you very much but among 100+crore people , you found only old aged , to be retired people for governer . Why can not you appoint good lawyers and administrators IPS people for it . Think .. .
Mahi .. .. captain cool .. .. looking very smart , handsome & dashning in this uniform .. .. .. Mahi you deserve all the love and respect which comes straight from heart .. .. .. . Mahi you really work hard , you are true person .. .. .. .. and whatever you achieved its enough to prove .. .. . The name Mahendrasingh Dhoni .. .. . You are a living legend .. .. .. fans like me always admire you .. .. on ground and off ground .. .. . you are a true human being .. .. and yes its true that your eyes and smile always tell true fans that weather you are happy , nervous , sad .. .. etc .. .. . And surly this pic shows that you are happy with this achievement .. .. . Mahi keep sharing with us ur new and old memories .. .. . we fans eagerly wait for your post .. .. .. Love you lot .. .. . Take care .. .. .. Mahi you are gem by heart which is rarely found .. .. . thanks for taking birth in India .. .. . May God fulfill your each and every wish .. .. .
@AmTrehan 🙏🙏🙏🙏 Hath Judva Lo 🙏🙏
Ur best pls rply to my cmnt
Dada ji aap so jaao mujhe need nahi aati aap so jaao dada ji par yaad aati haye
Sale kamine fmly k sath drnk party v hoti hai tere ghr pe ... apne baap k sath q nahi drnk karta ..! Agar drnk party nahi hoti to aj uske grandpa jinda hote ...!
viru u r just awesome . u r one of the best bats man in the world . not one of the best . u r the best . u do so many efforts , hardworks in ur game . that 's why u r the best . keep smiling and ap always hard work toh kroge hi . biggest fan of urs . always love ur batting style and u .
Haiiiii dhoni i am biggggggggggg fan of u .. . i like ur helicopter shot .. . i like shakshi .. . all the best for ur all matches
Nice one pics . Mitthu
@AmeenaBucheeri Gratitude is highly underrated including gratitude to self . Have you heard of the Hawaiian prayer Ho 'oponopono ?
#PleaseForgiveMe I can n’t stop Loving You .. . #BradleyJames .. . Morning .. . with Love from a crazy fan .. . @BradleyJames
India- US closeness is okay but i do n't want India to lost/unfriend Russia at any cost for the sake of US . It was Russia who saved us from US-CHINA-PAKISTAN in 1971 . Russia always stand for India in bad time . They support us in developing Technology & armed weapons etc for the decades . US-CHINA-EU are our friend but Russia is our brother . Jai Sri Ram
@sardesairajdeep Sorry u watch ndtv Sorry u r reading ur wife 's book
Office mein kisi bandy ko favor de do to jaty hoye apna number de jata hai kay koi kaam ho to btana aur baad mein saaly phone hi nai sunty .
@VodafoneIN can I have a better plan or I need to port from your services ? Waiting for ur call .
mazay he loo gay kuch kaam b karoo gay pm g
Y is Mane off and not Firmino ?? Boggles my mind totally
ok ... but back in the ' 90s was email so popular ?
Dear fellow iitian , please contact me . That laptop had lots of important stuff . I can understand ur problem and even if u are not , i am sorry that I didn't post a reward kind of thing that day . My data could have been saved if i had done that . I will do no harm to u . I will repurchase that laptop from the store u sold it to . Now as u have got the goodies u wanted , please do this favour to me .. as a fellow campusite .. please ..
i can really help u , because i have seen that .
beebomco : What 's up peeps ! 😁
"""""""""""""""""""""" @IndiaToday : #BudgetBT Printing of Budget document begins with ' Halwa ' ceremony . http://t.co/knYuyDHBul """""""""""""""""""""" oye balle !
@pehps_ A bit of Difficult
Bhai Teri movie nahi chalegi he wali utni .. .
@Meetasengupta @syrinje great song . most songs from Dev D .
Time to follow @PiramalHFL I know about that getting home loan is very very easy . #LoanSePehleLog
Kya kare sir kuch log par angreji daru ka aasar jo chad rakkha h
You are incredible Priyanka
@Mezzapunta @registability But Kane & Son do n't do it against every other keeper .
everyday is not a sunday , ao all matchs are not in our hands , there was 200% efforts but luck was not there ,,, so better luck next time thats , allll , alll the very best for next game .. .. .. .! !! :) :) :) :) :) :)
Happy birth day Amit bhai Ji
abe .,., joke marna hai to aur kahi maar .,.,. confession page ki bejaati maat ker bhai .. JOKE MARA ???????????? HASU ? \ """""""""""""""""""""" haha ..! \ """"""""""""""""""""""
hello sir .. . baat kijiaaana muzse plz
Sir plz insure there will no world war 3 .. .. As Rumours spread Russia is trying to start it .. .
all the best .. .. #salman bhi
got in between 328 and 330 , so 330 killed him , now 331 is investigating the case .
Going great MODI ji . Our Indian public wants result in a very short span of time . You are laying the foundation stone for a developed and strong India which will show transformation at least three to four years later . This election is very crucial for India . .. . if you are not voted to power then your hard effort will go in vain .. .. . so hurry up . Tell every minister to expedite the work . Make at least 5 railway stations of importance in every state like airports then only people will see the change .. .. Make flight journey cheaper .. .. . hurry man hurry to shoot off the worry .. ..
@AzmiShabana mam u raised petition for #RohingyaCrisis pls let dem in ur home I am not paying taxes and hard earned money 4 them #india1st
Kamal Ki tasbir he .. wonderful painting .. .. . app ka amtaviswas badkechadke voltage .. . ish pic ne .. . nice kavitahe .. . so meaningful .. .. . thanks for sharing .. .. ..
Indian ki har jeet pakistan ko bohat khushi deti hai . lol . #IndvsSA
looking Handsome and Dashing
Chorriyaan yaa chorron ki baat nahin hai tau . Baat intolerance ki hai . Intolerance naa badni chahiye . Isiliye tuhari movie dekhe se pehle sochan laag reha hoon :p !! !
I love u pretty . P . good night . princess
Janam janam sath nibhan u hi
It 's festival season . Enjoy
#216 : Have you ever gone out on a terrible date and came home and thought \ """""""""""""""""""""" did I really shave my pubic hair for this\ """"""""""""""""""""""
Salman please pleaseee come to TURKEY yyyy
Oh what a dashing look .. .. All the best for this part of the movie dear .. .. eagarly waiting for dangal .
It 's only Modi charm bcz of that each one member of BRICS looks like a brother of one single family India .. Respect for you Modi ji ..
Wonderful to see all of them in uniform style - Indian fashion rocks !
You are the great actor and great spirit man . Every movie change body size .. how you do mr. . amir khan .. . god bless you sir ji .
@AmazonHelp details shared
Priyanka I love you where r u my life priyanka
Ajaylahxoxo Hi Ajaylah . Are you getting a specific error message ? Give us the exact wording & we 'll look into it . #Google
Congrats virat sir kya batting thi apki . I hope ki aap hmesha aise hi khelte rhoge
isse bettr hota kuch motivatng post kiya hota for d welfar of country :/ ye sb faltu bakwaas post krne ka koi sense ni h
Bhai super sa opar pic
Love u Salman jee
It 's Tuesday . #MondayMotivaton
If Ajay thakur has million number of fans i am one of them if Ajay thakur has ten fans i am one of them if Ajay thakur have only one fan and that is me if Ajay has no fans that means i am no more on the earth if world against Ajay i am against the world i love Ajay thakur like a genuine big fan .
#savedjpwishtown @myhomemyright Maximum Discussion Zero Governance . GOI promises SC delivers . V r idiot voters . 😂😩
@SunBulleya Exactly 😂 #bokas #trailer @GolmaalMovie
She is alright .. Will be back in few days ..
Sir jee Ek aur Aatanki Hamla hua J&K me
sir media main galat bol kr kisi bhi vishya main jaankaari hai ya nhi bolna hai bas , ase hi social st. pr bhi amal krne k liye 1 prcnt hoga aur gyan dene k liye bhare pade hai
@PritishNandy @nsitharaman But by doing so India would have secured her western borders more effectively too .
Kya bat hai sir bitye din yad aati hai
Nice move sir ji
Sir , Only you have the courage and the vision to take this country forward . The previous Prime Minister and administration could n't even get Kudankulam-1 operational . Bharat Mata ki Jai
Vivek Singh ;) #MaukaMauka Beta cheen ke haasil kiya hai yeh mauka aaj ... So proud of u #TeamIndia #IndvsSA #BleedBlue #CWC15
when virat presents in the crease then all Indians are tension free bcoz we all are sure that we will win but when virat returns to pavillion then the percentage of winning the match decreases ,,,, this shows virat is the best .. .!
Virat mai apka bohot bohot bohot bara fan hu . Meri ak dili tamanna hai ke mai apse kabhi milu , ajke indian team me sahid hi apke jasa koi dusra player hoga . Ap bohot acchi cricet khelti rahe ahi kamna hai . Hads of you .
Modi sir you the best PM baarath maathaki jai
Really Disgusted Disappointed No wonder Coutinho wanted Brace . Wont blame him now with team he wo n’t win anything #UCL #LFC 😤😤😒
Yau are the best Indian pm sree Narendra modi ji and salute putin sir jai hind jai Bharat
you are such a incredible sir ji , i have no word to explain you .. .. .. india is very lucky to got u .. .. . you are the best player in the world which i ever seen .
One person stand up to make good .. . We just need to support .. .. Otherwise what difference us and Pakistan . Just support PM .. .. .. Do n't think much .. ..
@veejay_k U gave back 2 back powerful prfrmcs from month . u nailed all 👏 ur bynd incredible & perfection 🙏 Keep blessing us wid ur fab prfmcs ❤ GN 😘
Ham ap si kya kahi lagi rawo hahahahaha hahahahaha hahahahaha
Hum too majuri mye kartye hai . SB ki following . Nahi too . ye eyes us din duniya na dyekhye . jis din dyekhye aap kye Siva spna kisi ka !!
Bhai ena sab pic kyu dal teho yar
Yaar workout ki video bhi dalo kabhi mere jaise ke liye bhut helpful hoga .
One .. . two .. . three .. . four .. .. . and five .. .. . Modi .. .. .. Just count from the center .. .. . A world of peace and prosperity .. .. ..
ajay takur is hero of the match we never forget his excelent super ten he playd superb thank u ajay aggressive play by india in 2nd half helpd team to win gold medal 2nd half was superb we saw aggressive and spiritd team love you so much team india finaly kabaddi wins the world .. .. . :-)
Great Initiative sir ji I support
amitji aap ko janmadin ki khoob khoob badhai .. .. bhagvaanji aapki aayu lambi kare bilkul aap ke kad ki tarah .. .. aap ki her mano lamna poori ho .. . aap yun hi haste muskurate khush raho .. . namaste
@beardmansays Wowwwwww it look delicious
mujhe aap bahot pasand aayi priyanka ji bt aapke sath me ye Buddha bilkool b pasand nhi aaya ancle u go 4 suside
Is there any plan for visiting New Delhi 🤔🤔 @shirleysetia @shirleyspeaks
Deal With The Devil Should 've Been Ended Back In 2015 But Why Are We Still Cursed FFS
Very nice . post . Ma tum se milna cahta hun salman khan . am . Kpk . Swat . ok . Pakistani . OK ,
@Enegia3 PTC is back
Beta Teri Jannat duniya mein hai .. chotey .. Zaraa Aakhirath k baarey mein soch .. . Ramzan ka mahina hai Roza rah .. naa jaaney nxt year tu zinda rahtha ya nai kiskoo maloom .. abi b waqt hai sudhar jaa .. . khaali Eid mein film release karna maloom teku .. roza rah Allah ki ibadath kar .. agar tu musalmaan hai tho ..
@oviamyqueen Absolutely , he can n't win for his looks n just caz he dances well
wlcm sir ji happy dashera
Wished to see u as one of d Sikh legendary like Nalwa , udham Singh etc as actor in d film . But dnt be like akshay , ajy devgun etc . Am sure u will hard work to become true nd justified Sikh/sardar
Russia is best partner in the world , our nationals friendship blossom every time
Yorker King #Buahahahahahahahahahahahaha Bhai #Wasim Bhai #ShaunTait Bhai #Lee Bhai #Shoaib Bhai #Steyn to shayad Chaye bechne aaye thay ek or bar Buahahahahahahaha Acha Sorry agr bura laga to :P
6 enjoy your friend requestsin
We Indians heartily congratulate Modiji 's stand & absolutely support his intentions .
tum log aur nakhre dikhao !! sab log convert ho jayenge ! :/
#292 : Sometimes it's better to bunk a class and enjoy with friends , today when I look back , marks never made me laugh , but my friends and memories always do !
@Localheroin Some men cry in front of lappy while watching romcoms .
Vinod ki ik bs wohi movie hai jo mujhe pasand hai haaan ik movie or amir akbar antonie ye b ik movie hai jo yad rahye gi kiun k bachpan main dakhi thi or ye kabi ni bholta kisi ko
Do n't miss to check the new stylish Datsun redi-GO Gold 1.0 L edition with 12 new features #VoteForGold @DatsunIndia .
Sab bakwash h job wale hum logo ko pagal samjhte ho kya
Ma to Isis ke nishane pe hu par ek salah anuska se shaddi mat karna jo ma janta hu aap nahi mera level pata kar Lena asap ko aap phas jaoge Salman ke logo se door raho nek salah . jai hind
every fucking time i see my 2 year old tweets i think just once that who the fuck is dis person .
Old frd is better than two new friend
great to see you sir
The BAAP of all Khan 's .. !! ! Hat 's off U SIR PERFECTIONIST .. !!
#AntiTraffickingOps 59th BN Nanpara ( UP ) rescued 02 girls from traffickers . The rescued girls were handed to an NGO .
Guys don't use sexuality to lure women and get things done and get their bills paid ...
SupER SE BI UPER
Yes we can trust on them because A friend in a need is a friend indeed .. . Because Russia were supported us when whole world were against India During the 1971 war with their Nuclear submarine Without any terms Without any condition Also they used their VETO decisions power in United nations for support to india . in 1971 war against pakistan . So RUSSIA is our best Friend in the World .
Kya kapde Utare hai India today ke conclave 2014 mein kejriwal ke aate waqt mufflar b cheen liya
@BhaavnaArora @ndtv Thats impossible , Mam . Facts and NDTV are like water and Oil .
kya hal hai
Sahi kah rahya hai bhai aur tane ek baat ya bhi bta du ak main bhi haryane te Su aur maine teri iss film ki bahut baat dekh rahaya Su yaar
Kya dream sb to faltu ke h
All d best bu
Congrats team India . Le panga
modi you only showing ur patriotism but actualy u not .. bcz if u r real patriotic then u should never stand with ur lotus ( party symboll ) U stand with our TIRANGA
Bhaijnan supporter aur yari koi apse seekhe is bollywood industry me .. #wanted ..
viraat one of the vest .. .. indian player .. .
wow ,,,,, looking soooo awesome .. .. .. congratulations virat .. .. .. . u just rock .. .. . keep ti up .. .. all the best team India .. .. ..
@SrBachchan Sir wt mn this T2555 .. . pls
#336 : I am a girl in MSc Chem . My roomie is a thirdie who sleeps naked in the night with her hand in her xxxx ( use your imagination ) .
Hey Justin Knott thanks for the follow !
Your Maiden Para Jump at Agra was really outstanding . That 's why you are the real Superhero in the world . Congratulations Once again for your Successful training .
Proud of u bhai
@PARTHODAS3 Oh & that quote is not mine but the tweet is .
It was a blunder that India depended too much on Barak Obama in the last 2 years , a country which is cunning and double standard .. .. .. .. Hillary will strengthen US-Pakistan ties .. ..
It would be better for India to stay with Russia n keep supporting it on global issues like siriya n against USA hagemony , bcz look at Russia 's history it has only power to dread USA , India do n't need to favour USA we can n't trust such a fraud country , in my sense we should strengthen Russia it would be great for us
If you believe that personal laws are divine and you have every right to practice them , you may use this profile picture .
Wah sultan tere kya kehne bakaai main tu sultan hai or sultan rahega . god blessu
Virat kohli is always not out in in my home town ranchi so let 's hope for best virat chak de batte ☺☺☺☺
@MaheshC22434899 @jyotyshekhawat @narendramodi @sardanarohit Very nice 👌
sir , please do n't repeat the mistakes of atalji and join with people at the grass root , not through app and mobile numbers but through hearts as this is our country where in the 21 century , after 69 years of indipendence people join a rally not out of spontaneous support to a leader but for mere 200 rupees and ameal . isn ; t it feeling strange
My daughter Sara ( 10 ) watched 3 idiots many many times and might be she can say what will happened next in that movie . I enjoyed a lot . HBDTY Maddy .. . Parvez , Dhaka , Bangladesh .
If Kohli has million number of fans i am one of them . if Kohli has ten fans i am one of them . if Kohli have only only one and that is me . if Kohli has no fans , that means i am no more on the earth . if world against Kohli , i am against the world . i love Kohli till my last breath Pakistan Zindabad
Aaaaaj se DANGAL shuruuu
tho jo gaali bak rha hai bc mc .. ye kya hai .. isse ko kahte hai intolerance .. tho kaun sa galat bola .. abhi upar dekho .. . ladai shuru ho gaye .. tho kaun sa aamir nay galat bola .. . why r u abusing everyone here ? r u crazy or what .. for no reason .. INDIA kise kay baap ka nai hai .. .
@ccurvi @ranibhabhi201 Come in dm for special class
ladki ko kya grand salute lene k liye bataya tha .. :-P
@SKMadrid19 They slowly sneaking their nose out from their caves smelling a major Bale injury , which is n't the case .
@richaanirudh I m also from jhansi
Such hypocrisy in the comments , lol ! Anpad jahel sale , if you are not tolerating a comment passed by Aamir Khan , you actually are proving his point ! Haha , so many idiots !
Dear Mr. Prime minister , you need to put friendship foundation so much strong so that coming atleast 40 to 50 years it should be unbreakable irrespective of situation . jai hind .. .. .. .. .. . long live indo-russian friendship .
i had to take food possibly !! !
S its true , america is no body 's friend.it uses the policy of use and throw.so its very important to increase our friend ship with our old long lasting buddy russia .
Modi you r a bast leader of tha world .. . hit like if you agree
Naseer Hamza Asif Tarakhel
- Misbah 4 year's se bewakoof banata aa raha hai . Shoib Akhter .
What A Fabulous Looking .. . This is my India 's P . M .. ..
Virat , thank Tara .. you spreading happiness in Diwali .. All pain are gone while watching you to bat especially that six in straight and wonderful cover drives .. God bless
@Spamsterr Can n't afford to sleep so I guess even I 'll try that 🤦
#316 : This dates back to few years ago when I went to Europe for my internship . To save money for accommodation , decided to travel during the night by Eurolines Bus and sleep under the Eiffel Tower ( aka Million Stars Hotel ) :) . . On the way to Paris , I couldn't sleep because of excitement . there was this German guy who was sitting right next to me . So we took a blanket and made out the whole night :) ....
Nice sir u are the best finsher in the world
Mira name ismal khan kash o din jal se jal ayega tum muj se hero banaow
bhai aapki innings lajabaab thi 85 runs kaab bana dale pata hi nahi laga aapka naya advertisement for respect the mother is nice one saroj aunty bhauat lucky hai unko aap [ ke jaisa beta mila
Vv laxman sir sahi kah rhe apa ho virat aise itne achche ho kya khna hme khne k liye word hi nhi milte . hmare liye best player in the world apa hi ho virat i am big big fan . welldone virat best of luck kal k liye
Wow PC . u look amazing .
@PMOIndia @narendramodi ' NEWTON ' Film tells that in India General elections are held on GUNPOINT , people do n't come to vote themselves .
@manu__gurjar @pkthakur0007 🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳 jai hind
We are blessed because we have pm like you .. . who always work hard for our country .. . salute sir
Congrats to all players and coachhh .. .. Jay hind
<3 POWERD BY TAYYAB <3
ok theek hai bdae par mil lenge . btw jai mausi se kya bologe mere bare main :-)
https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10151431420334440&set=pb.738039439.-2207520000.1366545056.& type =3 &theater
We all know , a true friend is hard to find . So when you do find one , hang on tight ! It also does n't hurt to let your best friends know every now and then just how much they mean to you . These friendship quotes perfectly describe the beauty of friendship between two countries . Long live 'India and Russia
Good to see Felipe Luís . Always rated him , a huge fan of the guy .
@Bodhisatvaa Stop it . You are being disgusting . Smh .
Please remove ties with u.s
chutiya ne match harva diya
Anyone wants to buy Bitcoin or payza or netelar .. . inbox
this will always be there in fact it is increasing day by day
@NidaAfreen19 @Aadityakapoor12 happy birthday my hero my inspiration 😘🎂😘🎂😘😘😘🎂🎂🎂🎁🎁🎁🎂🎂
Brilliant inning virat kholi sacha good player virat you genius .. what victory india .. i am biggest fan of virat kholi
Breaking news ! Modi had done surgical strike in the rice fields coz Indian 's do n't have washroom hahahaha first made toilets and then say something different stupid Indian 's shame on you lol
all the best miss Priyanka
Modi finishes terrorists in style .. . magnificent strike into pakistan .. . and it was Indian Army who has been absolutely magnificent on the night of 29th september ..
entire pak media said - Pak should have contacted barkha dutt for pak supporting images in UNGA - such is a craze for barkha dutt in Pak
Khan Bhai I want to meet you
Tere liye ladka ladki equal h to tu shadi krte tym toss krna head tail wala kisse shadi krun ; ladke se yaa ladki se ....
LuV you CAPTAIN Cool , you are AwESome .. .. you are the one among the best Indian CAPTAINs
Hi MODI ji your foreign pala
This today deal is best successful for india . in whole world only rasia is our best friend and it should be hounered by all Indian . I think rasia deserves most favor nation in place of Pakistan . All Indian wants to quit most favor nation from pakistan . If this time we do not quit then never can do by any further coming ruling govt
One of the best movie hone wali h yee
Love You Dhoni <3 : *
@SurbhiChandna Luking mast .. .
#SriLanka : Buddhist monks -led mob attacks UN safe house for #Rohingya refugees .
Kab trailer aye ga . What is freak
Happy Diwali sir ur are looking awesome , sweet , cute , enjoy your diwali with lots of love and smile , always keep shining and smiling , love you sir
Modiji petrol ke daam badhte heee ja rahe hai #ye acche din to nahi hai .. .
Bhaijaaaan We Love You .. .. . Your Film Sultan Is Fabolus , Fantastic .. .. .. I Love U ♡ ¤¤¤¤¤¤ ♡
@aliasshivani Just eat something yrr ! Kuch bhi kha bhr chli jati
Your army person excellent .. Your best wicket keeper .. Your best finisher .. . Your best captain india till date Your lucky person so many people liking you ms. .. I love ms. .. . Really .. .. .
mine boling yorker .. .. .. but khili .. .. plz on 100 next match
WOW ! Cool ! This is wonderful thing to do ! It is the perspective that india should have to tie with him ! It 's great !
omg this movie is clashing with baar baar dekho
The legend of virat kohli real .. Indian .. Hero .. .. Thank you very much .. . Virat .. .. Bhai .. .
@BlackeeyDJ thanks babe ! :)
Of these , my favorite is “ 5 AM local time ” trigger . The others all seem very sensible , but reconnecting your Wi-Fi at 5 a.m. is pure Apple
u r the voice choice of india
yha meri halat khrab hai or cheer kroo wah hands off
payag ka rate badana congress ke chal hai , taki kud pyag kam dam me bech kar janta ka sahanuvuti le sake
Thanks for the heads up ! I better start looking somewhere else ;-)
@aIaddiniaz OMG CONGRATULATIONS
@republic Netas without appeasement politics is a myth
@WanizaAfroz 110 Minutes 👀
Abe yr shaving kra le bhai ,.... achchha nhi lagta h tu .. .
bahut badiya ab bihar ki rally aisi honi chahiye ki nitish kumar ki neend ud jaye
@majorgauravarya Huge regrads for shee ~ a-Hind @adgpi
A grt captain grt player most coolest person on planet we love u dhoni so much .. .
You r the best sir ji
@TAEMINSTANN BUT YOU ORDERED YOURE GONNA SURPRISE YOURSELF INSHALLAH
Ohoh lecture acha h .. ;) jis din apni sis ko fredom doge us din tmhe bh koi mil jayegi .. mr. Lecturer ... Huhu :/
not sure ... but uski shadi fix ho gayi hai ... aur bandi nitish kumar ki relative hai ...... Hitendra Katiyar Anant Tiwari
fans of shah rukh khan
Tonight a prayer for our Brave ones who are fighting terrorists .. . #Baramulla While We Are Sleeping Safely At Home , #IndianArmy Is Fighting For Us At Baramulla . Let 's All Pray For ZERO Casualty To Our Brave Soldiers .
Salman khan <3 u paa ji
All the best for ur next match chiku and congrats for winning and century also keep it on
@davidskadey @Sammy_Goal He did okay .
@D1Girly Omg okay 😅😅
Hahahahahaha Abe bhen chodo apne ghr m bula k he Test match jeet skte ho bs
Best of luck we all cheear for u and we all luv u east and west virat is the best
@ParineetiChopra LOVE YOU MORE ♥♥ Take care of yours . Praying for your good health always . Hugs . 💕💕
Congratulations for winning breakout style icon award by instyle
All wearing Indian kurta instead of costly suits , so colorful , and light environment , know one acting sofesticated .. kudos to Modi .. he is real ambassador of Indian culture
@SBICard_Connect hey I have purchased from amazon with no cost emi offer from sbi card . Its not converted into EMI . Details has been DMed .
Tujhe teri okad dhikate hain sale aamir .. Harami .. Mere desh ko gali de ne wale kute or sale bhot shok hain na ATANK WADIYON ke sath photo khich wnae ka tera dangal to hum ab karenge .. . Sanpdeal Titan wala case bhul gaya hain lagta hain
Twitter Night Mode 💜
Hatss off aamir sir .. .. Kyaa baat aapko to World Heavyweight Champion ka khitaab milnaa chaahiye
@ColorsMarathi Happy birthday Lataji 🎂
Msd not only a good captain , Also a great human Being .. Hit like if u agree !! !
@SukaSycho Ahahahahah that 's a different thing altogether . The embrace is powerful than money .
Wow KKNPP dedicated to nation . Feeling proud as our efforts paid off .
sirf SALWAAR ???? Abe aese to hr ldki achi lgegi ... :p or sweating b hogi he ... :D
V Good modi ji
Bhai love you .. .. but like a brother
oooo virat kohli .. .. i am a big fan of urs .. .. mujhe cricket ki samajh nahii hai .. . phir bhi me dekhti hun .. . only 4 u virat .. .. . make our India proud .. ..
Happy Birthday Sir ji
L . k Adwani sir and Amitabh bacchan sir both are . legend of india
ab to bata deti yr apna naam usko
6th blast bhid kam karne ka irada h bt aur bhid hoge
Good Night Everyone
@sanjivbhatt U r Ri8 siR
only namo can change the tradition of pltics n hv the power to grow the india at the apex of the world
@drmmumbaicr tday also 11010 up is running late . pasngers r geting irritated . pls look into the matter
World best batsman . Indian lucky player he scores runs India never lost . World great run machine and world best chasing run machine .
Radhe radhe sir ji
@maheshkothare 💐🎂 Happy Birthday Sir 💐🎂
Mohit Sharma KO wicket . Something seriously wrong with SA . #SAvsIND
Wonderful lovely Angel & pics Wishing u & u r family Happy Diwali good Morning have a nice day love u lots god bless u take care
MR SHAH RUKH KHAN .. .. I 'VE SUCH SCRIPTS WHICH YOU MAKE MOVIE .. . WILL BE A MEGA BLOCK MOVIE OF ALL TIME .. .. I 'LL BE ALSO A WELL KNOWN BY HELP OF URS .. .. NO JOKE BE SERIOUS .. ..
Engagement ceremony of my big cousin brother
Sir Ap aise he hamesha khush rahe yah .. . yeah araj kartah hoon vaghwan se .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .
@crlfc74 Now it means we can n't lose anymore home games and can n't lose to Sevilla away . Tight
You are the best role model for aspiring cricketers in the cricketing world .. . you are the reason I started growing a moustache too sir .. . #yourfan
Share modi vision in all respect to hold interact meet at the grass root level to insure better service to the people it is good to the nation till the date we feel rising india . jai hind .
Indian civil service is neither Indian nor civil nor a service . ' Jawaharlal Nehru ,
isme 100 congress ka haath to h , aur police aur kise party ka haath jaroor h ,
@Uber_Support Let ’s keep it here and real . Please clarify @Airtel_Presence @airtelindia @travisk No one is giving a proper clarification !!
kedi s cant ruled this country
Thank you @momo_mohsin for the like after loonngg time but thank u soo much ❤ ️ ❤ ️ now we are listed as kaira fans including you . 😘😍😊💟
Hai Mrs. Priyanka please join me in the HOLLYWOOD with you .. .
congrates sir for HAHk and namastey
east or west Kohli is the best .. .. virat kohli is best player in all formats .. . best of luck chiku for next match .. we hope you will hit century ..
about m ¥ brother .. Usne interviev di ¥ a hai ( eesl ) compan ¥ me .. Please help him !
@riteshagar hi we are conducting a navratri concert for the first time in gujarat at three locations surat , ankhaleshwar , ahemdabad
Kashan Saleem Learn from Aamir Bhai
Happy birth day . Amit ji . ❤❤❤❤❤
sir you all so realy good man such great story in world cricket in the history in ba yograpy film in hit cinemas all the best to you
Congregation .. . Hero of match ajay thakur .. ..
Ham KAHA bolte Hai Ham to kewel aap ki bate soonte Hai bolte to aap log Hai Jo cahe bole or chale ge acha lagta Hai
Congratulations my dear friends
Virat bhai ko ham sub ki trf se badhae aap one day sirig bhi win kro yehi kamna h
The only good thing about summers is the sound of fan and cooler and air conditioner suppressing the sound of intolerable silence .
Aamir Khan Was it really necessary to mention here he acted in Lagaan ? His recognition and legacy is beyond one particular movie
Teeno khan se to ye english hero acha hai
@AlluSirish @shri_AK Family pic
@TOIIndiaNews When your support base shrinks .. . then you start asking such emotional questions . Heaven will not fall .
Are u shameful for the wicket of #msd or still happy u chutiya
I 'm closing Bhaiya 's ears so that he can have a #HappyDiwali after all we 're all they have and if we do n't think about them then who will ? Diwali is the most difficult time of the year for them so let 's all work together and encourage one another to have a #NoiseFree & #PAWstive Diwali .
Like my comment if u think akki is better than sallu B )
Young is a total waste
@dilittantee just fun bro delhi lo morning chudali lesthy time ki
@canadian_george @JamesPearceEcho Bobby and moreno have Klopp 's nudes
Honourable P M Modi Ji .. .. very good work .. .. go ahead & may God bless you ever .. .. .! !
Aamir khan sahab main aap ka ik bada FAN Hu aur aajkal Afghanistan me bada charcha hai tumhare filmo ke ummid karta hu har qadam main tumhe kamyabi mile
@SmitaM7 irrelevant on this matter as your initial request was passed on to the operations team and was actioned accordingly .
@drmljn @RailMinIndia @PiyushGoyal @drmlko25 @narendramodi thank you for new India .
Every day count bhai .. .
Salman Khan ji , you are a kind hearted human being . Iparay Almighty for a happy life to you .
Sir m sinku sarma from assam i want to give u a suggestion .. sir our government when built flyover or highway wherever the toll gate is necessary we must put our own after getting the money which was invested for the formation of the particular highway or flyover .. then stop collecting toll tax and the money which we get from their to make another flyover
Bluddy fool girl ..
Good-bye Pune . See you in a while !
Bc khudi khud mai king yorker land indians baap mar gayen kiya shoiab akhter waqar yonus bretlee yeh bandar k munh wale kahan se agayen king :D
@dantus19 @Sensible_Mona @TeasAtGirnar Congratulations
@yadavakhilesh Please get my money refunded which I lost in Social trade scam
Gini Coming On
Gavi kamboj Pakistan is on top of test cricket and we have defeated the champion of t20 3-0 . your team always afraid of us and our team
gode bhi bohat lucky hote hai I am riders
Sir we are with you always in good cause Jai Ho , Jai Hind
My bad girl so good she lied to arranged marriage waala ladka that she's a virgin for his peace of mind .
Par aap samjhadar ho sab batoka achha answer dete ho
@bainjal @irfhabib @varungandhi80 He 's not a seasoned politician . Family backing can n't support longer . Trying to make his space .
Thank you for telling the truth as it is . Very honorable !
Inhe kch gift milna chaiye apki taraf s
40th over tak toh lag raha tha NZ 300 cross karegi .. . par indian bowlers are done their job superbely .. .
@BTS_twt he has the most adorable eyes you could ever fall for & the cutest smile that takes ur breath away
Arvind kejriwal followed SC decision regarding regularisation of temporary employees . Should be followed by other states also very soon . This is really happy diwali to all beneficiary friends
All the best nd best of luck for 3d odi . chack de fateee team ind
@oohkimkaa and dumbbells 🌚
Modi is best pm
@hussain_imtiyaz @YouTube Congratulations to all the brave Jawans
My Dear Narendra bhai Modi , Russia is dependable , trustworthy .. we saw this in all our conflicts in the past .. Good move .
I have a hunch that this might be a soon-to-be-dead baby .
Beautiful movie . Ab to aisi family movies dekhne ko hi nai milti
@taapsee @Varun_dvn @Asli_Jacqueline @foxstarhindi @NGEMovies Am waiting tomorrow best of luck taapsee blockbuster hit judwa 2
ha ha ha .. no no ... u have to stay together :P :P
@rajuonraj @Flipkart @flipkartsupport Flipkart is doing fraud with peoples
Aziza Raziuddin a little something to brighten up your day :)
@OfficeOfRKSingh in India electricity transmisson loss is around 40% . if we only stop the transmission loss we can provide 24 hrs elctrcty
Welcome to putinin india west friend
@mohit0205 @jayeshdewana12 Now they can kill both the communities .
Mr khan love u mere jaan
ghar ke sheer saut afriqa me dheer
may his soul rest in peace
Sir waiting since from 2 years , kab complete hogi ye film
TN Govt fixes three months time limit for the inquiry commission to probe the death of late TN CM Jayalalithaa
@dermotmcorrigan Shots fired @D_DeGea @Manuel_Neuer
@Shubhrastha Hello .. .. Ask FM to Do something for citizen .. . sweetheart .. !!
"""""""""""""""""""""" @iyerdeepshri : Mohit Sharma ko ek chumma : * #CWC15 """""""""""""""""""""" Chalo Kisi north indian bhramin Ki kismat to chamki 😃
@NASA @NASA_Dawn Goosebumps are on ✌ hugs team NASa
wish .. .. briks deal 15th October 2016 be a historical moment in world history
Supreme Court directs state governments to frame guidelines or recruitment rules for appointment in #Pollution Control Boards .
@RahulEaswar @ashutosh83B Athiti devo bhavah but not terrorists devo bhavah
I request all of you to vote bjp in up and punjab
Modi ji is incredible .. .. sabko apna jacket pehna diya .. .. the day is n't far wen all of them will cheer """""""""""""""""""""" MODI MODI """""""""""""""""""""" n say Bharat mata ki jai Richa Rupapara Divesh Arora
Nyccc # apki batting bt apne ik bhi baar ne dakeya hai hmre orr chlo apki achii batting nycccc 100 god blasss uuuu
aamir sir tumne itna aacha kiya like satyemev jayte . film Rang de basanti , LAGAAAN , MANGAL PANDEY , wo kisi ko nahi dikha lekin ek line tumhari sab ko dikh gai . wo kahte h na burai bik jati h lekin achai koi n kharidta . kher jo bhii ho me aaj bhi aapki respect karta hu . thanks for the making like that kind of cinema Dangal ia another blockbuster or yours
@amazonIN Ordered and paid online the day before . My order status reads delivered and signed . Never got the delivery . Help !
Trsut me .. .. I dont know why . But whenever i see any pic of you . I always remember you were the only fav . Acctress i check for . Huge fan of you mam .
I love all your movies bhaijaan .. . you are not only a great actor but good human being .. . Sultan is a good movie . Your acting in the movie is fabulous .. always keep your fans entertained with these types of movies consist message for the society .. .
bhaijaan you are the simple best . dua karta hu aap aur aapki family hamesha khush rahe .
he just wants a frand :P
#325 : ATTENTION ! I am gonna hack this page soon as I am extremely upset by the type of confessions which are being posted on the page . I am not an IITian ... I am just a class XI student planning to go into IIT in 2015 . I don't want to see such an atmosphere when I get into IIT and so I am forced to this !!!. So it's time to say GOODBYE to the page now !!! :D muhahaha
VERY SWEET LOOK PINKU
long live great india .
#US imposes sanctions on 8 #NorthKorean banks , 26 executives .
Mere naam wale ke liye to always Cheer
@Holy_Boost @JPershingCSGO beat this
Puchiyo ka langar laga hai bhai log .. brush kr k ready rho .. shayad kuch mil jaaye :)
Indian prim minister better to pakistani crrupt prim minister nawaz khabees
@ShashiTharoor He has changed lives of billions not millions , but for good or bad , is a very debatable topic .
This young man Virat Kohli is a real inspiration and his aura reaches till Germany . I am your fan and hope to see you play with my own eyes somewhere on this globe .
Lots of regards and pranams to you Sir .
Dhoni is the best finisher in cricket history Coool captain
I wanna lay in bed and read fics but my stupid ass forgot to charge my stupid ass phone now im stuck on pc ughh
#276 : Can someone tell me why do Bongs , Tams , Mallus , Gultis and Kannada junta stay together in their tight-knit group rarely socialising with anyone outside who don't share the same state ? I see Biharis , Bhaiyas , Rajasthanis , Gujjus , Punjabis etc mixing and becoming friends easily with each other but rarely a Bong outside a Bongi group . Please don't say \ """""""""""""""""""""" yeah , I'm a Tam , I have non-tam friends . \ """""""""""""""""""""" Exceptions exist , but they are really exceptions . I don't want counter-examples , I want reason(s ) . I am a Bong by the way ( and an exception ) .
Awesome work Modi Ji
All the best bhai
Salma khan sir me bhi Actor bannachah ta hu
5 varsh sudhi 10Hajar ma km nu chale ?
Jab dhoni runout hua nonsrike end se apko manme ka ho rah tha ?
saloon and had weirdo army cut . wonder how that girl liked that when she saw my snap later . he he
awww mam you new hair look its totally awesome ! and you .. .. . love you *** PC """"""""""""""""""""""
@BeeGorgeous3 👍👍 good news :)
Nice dress sir whole world became fan of ur dressing style . The way u presented our nation on world level really commendable . In america Australia u addressed was proud moment for every indian . One of the best PM
RIP Hugh Hefner . You were great in Logan !
Virat and rohit winning player of the day chak de india
@somalipjm @xiummmin @BANGEXO21 does that matter lol
Sir abhi tak jage hai ab to so jayiye good night ..
Why is @Cristiano playing on the right side ? #dortmundrealmadrid #UefaChampionsLeague
Mummy tea me masala daal dena is cnfsr ne paka diya ... #boaring
Yeh sab chod ke khel mein dhyaan do . apne aap ko sachin tendulkar samajhne lage ho kya ? tumhara aukaad abhi nhi hua hai . jitna time yeh sab kaam krne me waste krte ho utna samai cricket ke piche dete to india yeh 2 match nhi haarta .
Modi is the best and dynamic leader in Indian politics as of now . I salute the PM .
@DoT_India @manojsinhabjp @TRAI @reliancejio how can u just transfer a number from @airtelindia without any verification of original owner
salman bhai love u .. . from pak
Kabhi kisi village ko arthik sthiti se bhi shayta de do saab . Add to isiliye karte hai ki apni jhholi bhari Jaye .. .. .. .
Sir the decision to form 10 new secretaries to coordinate among the secretaries regathering progress of various governance issues is vey good . This will help remove stalemates on various inter secretarial/inter ministerial issues . The ten new secretaries shall submit report directly to gov . Of India .
Felix SD Well done Bro - meeting complete . Prash Gant
sir apna apna tarika hai . khushi manane ka .. .. . khushi main hai na ki tarika :-) :-) :-) baki aap to big b hai aapko kya batana
@AmazonHelp Thank you for making someones gift so miserable @amazonIN @AmazonHelp
sir g janm din ki bahut bahut badhaiya
kal job interview me bandar hi sath na le jau mein :p
@MadnessBuild @CWJobsUK whois ? hr@ ?
Happy birthday bhai jaan
@narendramodi Happy Birthday to Ex PM Dr. Manmohan Singh Ji ! Many happy returns of the day !!
Love u salu bhai
WD NICE TO Me TO
@NidhiAgerwal @Asli_Jacqueline @Varun_dvn @taapsee @foxstarhindi @NGEMovies Superb
Love you Virat , n very congratulations for 1.5 century , u r awesome , mind blowing , etc Esa player ERA m ek hi hota h , aur wo h aap
Booked 2 tkts @AirAsia flight on @goibibo . called up to reschedule within 10 min of bookng . Adjusting only 1000 out of Rs . 6496 paid . Sick 😬😬
First movie wala sultan is it
MODI . a dangerous dimak jo india ko khokla kr dEga .. :-P
Ya .. just do it .. And I hope this guy do the same with you after 3 years when he will find some one smarter than you in his workplace :)
ye kaun si movie hai ?
@narendramodi @rajnathsingh being an Indian and a hindu citizen , I thank Govt of India for restricting rohingyas from entering into India .
@logic_wrestling @shaddaypolony Nor we will ever .
You are the cutest superstar of Bollywood . I love you very much . Your films like mann , akele hum akele tum , raja hindustani , pk , taare zameen par and 3 idiots are the especial gems for the Bollywood . Love you so much Mr. Perfectionist Aamir Khan !! ! Now we 're waiting for Dangal :-)
@iamAmyJackson @Varun_dvn Congrats !
Hum fans aapke sath hai
bhaiiiii wo is liye ki weh seat Kewal mahilayo k liye aarakshit tha ...... aur uska hq tha buddhe n flw kiya ..............
Keep it up namo
@girish_joshig Seems to have paid at POS and 1% charged as service charge
We 're lucky we 've got such a group . Still favourites to finish top of this group imo #LFC
Thank u for jio sim sir and thanks for Acha dinno ka Liya
Happy birthday @AvrilLavigne
Great to see you Amitabh Bhaiya very proud to be your sister always .
sir 100 pure karo aap yeh dua hai wo bhi itne josh se
Waise to logo ka dream hota hai ki main doctor banu ya fir engineer .. . etc but my dream . l want to meet with you in my life .. . love you sir .
lots of Love N Respect To Bhai
Do you ache the same way , you promised you would , when you wo n't kiss my name ?
can i meet you sir
you were right .. India me intolerance level ab bahut zyada badh gaya .. :-/
@FillAwwSuffer @annaverbee How are you overcoming ocd ? Medicines or any therapies
are to aapko kaisa laga ki jab apko pata hua ki hm the jo nai gaye aur flight se BANGALORE gaye aur fir maja aaya ki date itno ke saath kia fir bhi aap udhar hi gaye pucha nai hua ki kiske saath jana hai 13 ke baat par ye ho gaya
baar baar aajmaate q hai
@Khalsa_Aid just bcz of u ppl humanity alive today , else ppl want to kill each othr . If anythng I can do in this cause . @ravishndtv @ndtvindia
@MyCricWin abhi jadeja , ashwin aur shami ko hai jaadu dikhana let's have #worlcupdobara
Sir Agar Aap hote to Aur maza Aata sir
"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""" I 'M BECOME DEATH THE DESTROYER OF THE WORLD """""""""""""""""""""" It 's what OPPENHEIMER said after he made the ATOMIC BOMB ! """"""""""""""""""
The way tiger chases his prey , kohli chases the target like his prey .. He is the master of chase And he is proving it with his brilliant innings .. Team India 's overall performance was quiet excellent today .. ..
@BeingSalmanKhan Hahah nice ad
#208 : One of my friends in IITB is from my hometown . He lives in a UG hostel and uses my room in Tansa like a brothel ... he says \ """""""""""""""""""""" abe thodi der room chahiye , kuch kaam hai , tu kab nahi hoga room pe bata de tab aajaunga ... mera roomie maanta hi nahi saala\ """""""""""""""""""""" . . Being a friend , I used to agree , he had a spare key and knew my lab schedule . After some days I found out he brings randis from outside and fucks them in my room , I was fucking disgusted ... I had to throw the mattress which I had been sleeping on .
ladki ki baat chood yaar aur ye bata yaar woh jo 3rd question tha .. uska ans kya tha ..
P what is this
My #BucketList of people to meet : Sunita Krishnan Gulzar @mallikasarabhai @Manavkaul19 @paponmusic @MarkRuffalo @ActuallyNPH
World no 1 team India
Jai shree ram Sir ji please jara private job waalon ke liye bhi kuch kijiye
Thank you and congratulation for your wining play . joy hind .
Somesh Jain does he look 50 to you ahahahaha :)
lage raho namoji
Manish pandey , jadhav , pandya main dam bharo . Energy transfer karo . Indian cricket needs their CONTRIBUTION too in the long run .
film making ke hain chaaar din ,,,,,,,,,,,, baqi sab bekaaaar din
Each and every Indian and also from outside .. .. . even though they do n't know his name .. .. . but poeple still remembers the soulful performance he played in lagaan .. .. .. and its more worthy than a 100 awards .. .. .. . Rest In Peace Babaa .. .. .. . our prayers with you .. .. .
i love sallu bhai
Salman se baat karni haan to hum comment ni karte
Kya baat hai aaj kal post pe post .. .. .. .. .! !!
Ab kisi ko comptition krvane ki jrurat nhi hogi .. .. who is the best cricketer .. ..
Respected Modi ji , plz discuss about future like nuclear disarmament , avoid terrorism , save the earth from global warming , etc . Digitalization creating more no of unemployment , how to aviod over growth of population ets
@comingsoonnet @iamAmyJackson Very good !
Hi . good day night .. cu . pc .
@semrush @sengineland @patrickstox I doubt the 10M hits per month number as it seems quite high .. what do you think @semrush ?
shahrukh khan - baap of bollywood
Mr fuckruddin first of all you learn how to write in English . then ask from rahul Sharif
Isko hogo desh prem uh .
These new young players should really learn something from BBC , Ramos , Marcelo & Modric . Start playing for your team , not for yourself .
Sir hum log #DIGHA SECTION #WESTBENGAL ma #RAIL ka #GAITMITRA ma kam karta hu """""""""""""""""""""" CONDUCTOR """""""""""""""""""""" ki madhyam pa . Sir har din """""""""""""""""""""" 120 R.s """""""""""""""""""""" data hai . Plese sir app kuch karia keu sir hum log Garib Majdur Log hu .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. . Plese do something
Congress 2nd half was great . Ajay sir u played awesome n all the team v are proud n happy thank you
@Eshita_Tewari Then humaare bhi fans hoge , fans of fan pages .
OMG Aamir this is one heloalook M sure film will do fine business Who kehte hai Na palne main dekh kar pata lag jata hai bachhe KA Waise hi tumhara ek look bahout ho jatahai
fav album #ADHM <3
@AAPInNews @ArvindKejriwal should share this good work but he does n't his focus on useless negativity
@anilaryaji @pravinbansal @shuklapinku Really .. . I 'll post this tomorrow Tb mujhe samjana Kuch bhe boll doge 🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻
Virat sir .. .. u r really awsm .. . I 'm also a lil . Cricketer .. . I luv ur way to play .. . ur personality is awsm .. . U r my best player after #sachin sir .. . n u knw wht I hav a dream to meet with uhh .. .. I wanna saw as a captain of Indian cricket team .. . I knw dhoni is best captain .. . bt u r best of best captain .. .. Currently Indian test cricket team clean sweep #newzealand .. . 500 match india played in test matches .. . it was the best moment fr the Indian test cricket .. . I hope #sir .. . you played well n great in 5th match vs #newzealand .. .. n I thought that .. . u achieved some new records .. .. . salute uhh sir .. .. happy dhanteras .. . n diwali for uhh n ur family .. .. your great fan .. ..
@AmberSheikhShe1 Gud nyt sleep well .. . 👍
@DKMahant @NameFieldmt @Lisaraniray Always good
Happy happy Brithday Sir Jii .
@gaurav_lalit Thanks ! God Bless !
Kohali Ji aap to sanyashi ban Gaye ho Anushka ki yad me you are good cricketer Nice looking aap to India ki shan ho you are great
Mr modi how many reactors u keep in Tamil Nadu . Please plan some of the reactors in gujarat . only for placing nuclear reactors we in India other issue we are out of india.my questions for modi ji do you have risk management plan please reveal to the public . Make awareness of the disaster management and recovery programs . only dedication and selfie will make our surrounding a desert . Please install some reactors in gujarat also .
Yes sure we will go for freaky ali
first time in my life i am reading such a wise statement from a politician ,
Saal Ki Big Hit Movie Aane Waali Hai By Aamir Khan Dangal
#246 : I was in IITB way before Hiranandani was built ... as a spoilt city kid , I just couldn't crap in the hostel bogs . I would ride my Yamaha all the way to Leela to crap in their palatial toilets . In those days , that was the only hotel around for miles ...
China Ki Dosti China Ke Maal Jaisi he , Sasti to he par Kabhi bhi Dokha De Sakti He
munhe intajarvh f ali ka
@sgdas2004 @amburravi so ? What happened ? Burnt ur fingers in acid in Chen lab ? :)
#Kairana par bhi kuch bol dijiye .. .. .. .. .. ya sirf muslimo ka hi dard dikhta hai hinduo ka nhi .. .. .. .. . #Silentjihad
Koala main awaz mari but you do n't reply dressing room K baju main tha main
Dekhna to bnta h boss coz of u sir
waiting for your #sultaan .. . bhaijan : -*
@NotMengele I would have , but everyone 's asleep and why should I bother them , na . Tomorrow morning I will
@WIONews @UN Why are you silent about atrocities on Hindus ? When will your @UNHumanRights chief make a statement about #HinduMassMurder
Wanna meet u Salman bhai
@WomeninTechChat the freedom to try , freedom to not be scared of failure and the freedom to not care about what others think of me .
bhula hu tere pyar me dunia ,
#IndVsPak India win the toss and bat first , common india dika do , india ko jita do , #CWC2015 , #WewantCWC2015 .
@DesiChumbak Nice thread . :)
Visit to gynae n kch paise khila yr .. Secret rahega sub ., n tu ladka hi h na itna darta ku h ?!
Two worst players today Can and Firmino both stays .. Mane who has bn suspended well rested .. playing well is off #LFC
Hamare mitra desh rushiya ke president ko hamari taraf se hardik bahaeya jai hind
none worth you and your suicide more than your parents .
talk to some ground level people
@RumanaNazarali @KhanEijaz Yeah then we will see who picks whose brain 😂😂
is bachi ko btao sex is part of lif or d.u m admisn mt lia kisi or univrsty m jaio tb waha b yahi milega sex to kutta b krta h vo to d.u ka studnt nh raha hoga
I have no word for you ( virat kohli ) to explain you .. .. . The real God is here !. .. . I 'm a big fan of you .. .. .. .. .. .. ummaahaa
shoib akhtar ko koi btae k 11 may iski cricket misbah ny nae mohsin khan aue afridi ny khatam ki thi .. thora kam ghussa kary us py
Virat ek bat bolu .. .. tum apne dari ko tora sa upor se shave korlo .. . fer dakna tume or vi accha lagega .. .. one of your fan
@frankiemuniz stay strong+keep dancing 💖
Proud of Indian .. . Lucky to have narendra modi as our PM ,,... Last but not the least .. .. Nice to see those people in our Indian dress ( culture ) .
Aaj to Viraat bhai century jroor bnayenge . on demand century .
do it for next match ?
@delawareonline this is so sad if you what to kneel do it for these poor people #GETTHEMHELP
Modi ayya .. Please take 3 , 4 to gujarat . We will be happy if you help us to get water from karnataka
Please take out alia bhat and parineti chopra from the team
Great salute sir ! Jai Hind .
Aall the bast virat kohli the win1odi mach vary goodluak
WHEN ARE YOU COMING TO TURKEY ?? PLEASE ANSWER OUR QUESTION !!
But aise logo 'n k dilo 'n myn kisi k liye jageh nhi . Its true . Sab bato 'n ka sahara lete hyn
@KellyHowell No ! All friends are mirrors ! They bring out the best in you and deal with the worst !
Good evening dear Priyankaji . Very nice photograph with your beloved Mother . Wishing you and your family in advance a very happy Diwali .
Choli ke peeche kuch nahi |: paw ..
@YusufDFI @oldkrish So , Pak is a failed State in more senses than one . Chale tthe India ki barabari karne , ban gaye Cheen ke tattoo !
have tried this with the angerthas script from LOTR . #samestory .
Are koi aamir bhai ko batao ke kuchh storys n songs based on true eve . Share karna chahtahu . Totali frr of charge kyu ki dukh hota he jab unhe waste hote huve dekhta hu
Wish you happy diwali sir .. . aap kaise ho sir ?
@Che_SinebyCos Good poetry bro
Love u sir ji .. U r great sir
Ab lagta hai apne desh ka koi PM hai , jaise Sher chal rha ho """""""""""""""""""""" jai ho Modi ki """"""""""""""""""""""
ek din sapno ka rahi chala jay sapno se aage kaha jindgi kaisi h paheli
@ahmadri77297306 @shiv8844 @iamamitguptag @AqibJav10794119 You take this movie so seriously , hope you see LOC : KARGIL with same seriousness
duniya ki koi khushi hme nhi chahiye hm aise hi khush hai azaad rehna chahta hu milunga time pr abhi nhi guruji bdaywale din mai aapka gift
I love u ammir Bhai .
ddlj still josh i loved it
@DrNicoleLipkin What after you recognise it ? How do you train your brain to neutralise it ?
Supar hit film sultan ali khan salman kha love you bhai jaan
Shout-out to @mihirajmera6695 @Schemerrrr and Anuj for my daily stand-up dose .
abey ja f *** kay bhay tu mar he ja to acha hai tu koi ach cricket nahi khalta
This guy will always 100% contribution for indian team . thanx lord this type of cricketer not every where . india have lucky to thats type of cricketer . love u to yar .
SRK .. . Production .. .. Wao .. . Sir .. . Sultan Bahut mast pic Hai ..
New page ... IITB classifieds ... ;)
Modi jee please increase general bhogies in trains front 3 middle 2 and back 2 . Please think about poor people their was very big trouble face in sitting .
@MikaSingh Goodnight ji @mikasingh 😘😘😘 ❤ ️
Nature's way of telling its India's day #today .. #IndvsSA Yes we will break the jinx .. #Phatake aaj phodenge ..
WE ARE FUCKIN CURSED
without kohli india is nothing bahut baar dekha hai jab kohli out hota hai jaldi to team ki lag jaati hai
Mane , what the hell ?
Sir .. .. . Aap Achchha , Sahi , Salamat rahiye ga .. .. Regards .. ..
Gaaand Dede ya buddhe h
Can n't tolerate this social security and comfort and shit . I need to be miserable once again .
My best movie .. happy bday madhavan
u should release your movies in pakistan b.c kamayega yaha khayega or gali bhi India ko hi dega .. .
No you moron , this guy is real . Would you like to put some money where your mouth is ? PM us . ~ Ed
Kohli Bhai Happy Diwali .. Let 's celebrate Diwali in My lovely place visakapatnam ..
Bhiya ye move bhi pit jaegi .. Or bolo desh ke khilap
Old friend , nice friend
Held extensive talks with President Putin . His affection for India & role in enhancing India-Russia ties is a major source of strength .
A Truth has 4 type 1st is mine and 2nd is yours 3rd is actual and the 4th on which people believe
Congratulations , Do n't care about negative people comments , Go ahead Desh app k saath hai . Best wishes .
Namo NamoJay Shree Ram you are g8 person in india and I can say you are a Abtaripurash in india Jay hind sir
Bhai aap surgical strike pe Comments kar do .
I am a die heart fan .. Respect ..
Bumrah will become to be the best Bowler in Indian History
Happy birthday to you and I wish ap hamai kamyab honeki nashihatai kertai rahangai
@tmarawar @rpfncr NR1458 Plz look into the matter and take necessary action urgently . Also intimate ATR/feedback to this office .
@bhavi_1603 @har1603 @Ariba1603 @alishbanaaz8 soo true pakis tumse naa ho payega jitne bhi ghuma lo balle Ham jeete oye balle balle 😅😂😂
Good . for you , bless the shy army for they should be in news and we know that Mr Anil Ambani having upsurge Delhi and political homes and business ho es is taking interest in striking this all time high of manufacturing arms for Indian armed forces with foreign partnership
Hi , can you remember Mr. Zulfikar one of your close friend while you were a student of Deoband ? Mr. Zulfikar was my teammate in the Holy Hajj , stayed together and talked about many issues . But it was so surprising for me when I came to know you are his friend ! My curiosity went extreme high that time . Oh ! I am very happy at least I could reached Amir 's friend although it 's impossible to reach Mr. Rancho in the real life or even dream .
#introverts my appear happy as Daisy 's but maybe we 've got turmoils on the inside , spread some #positive words today !
be-dard lehron ne usey choom choom kar mita diya
Bollywood 's christian bale .. . Mr. Perfectionist .. . Turning his entire personality to get into a particular charachter in just awesome and speechless . they say Aamir khan doesnot deserves the awards but according to me awards dont deserve aamir khan .. .. Hats off 2u sir . eagerly waiting fr dangal ..
Hanumaan ji ne lanka mein Dankaa bajaaya , ab Modi ji ke naam ka Danka US election campaign mein bajj rahaa hai .. . JAI HO
Dhoni sir we all love you .. . And we are proud of you tooo .. .
Putin tu chha gaya modi tu great hai
@westindies @BLKSportUK @wiplayers @redforcecricket @sknpatriots Useless no team work , this match is also seems to be lost
Women are not conditioned by this society to cry rape , but men are socialised into not recognising it . #consent #MahmoodFarooqui #feminism
Virat bhai u sooperb .. . you will always play for country .. . love u so much bhai .. keep it up .. .
Poster to shandar s .. .. . movie ka wait ho rhya s .. ..
Good morning sir ji have nice day
NOO BOLLYWOOD WITHOUT AAMIR KHAN SAAB
Ale y 'all #kohli v prisma app use karte he
#294 : So 4 of us general loosers were waiting near H11 for the tumtum and we got a clear view of 2 big loose mangoes hanging without any support . One of us still got very excited and this was visible from a distance ( duh do we need to explain how ) . So our excited dude somehow concealed his pointy arrow and followed the mangoes till infi corridor ... we even found out the genus , species and name of the tree they were hanging from ... but we couldn't get a taste ...
@ZeeNewsHindi @WorldBank , world bank plz come and take other country 's kid with u , take a written exam or in ur way than decide . challenge
Syed Shariq amir khan bhi apni party ka hai
Hi Salman we lo ve a indiens movies l 'm from morocco i visited a indien restaurant in morroco i eat biryani la-do
Bhai 1 cror kisi fan ko v diya kro , itna kohli kohli krte hai sb apse itna pyar krte hai , aur aap ho ki 1 rupaiyaa v nhi dete kisiko
Tere naina bade katil maar hi daale ge .. love u pc .. . lots love for u
pls priyanka don ' t forget bollywood am big fan piyu u r the best n best n best
God plees you big b
I love your all movies Bhai .
@monaofficials @Unsa_Noor Mai tbse dhoond rhi thi noor ko DEADS hote hue 😂
Still there are alot of idiots who says """" Khule me maja aata hai """" :/
#223 : To all of you chootiyas doing M . Phil in HSS : your ( f)arts degrees aren't worth anything . You should either drop out of college and become McDonald's managers ( at most ) or switch to a true degree . Posted by a DD EE FF guy ;)
@sahil_uppal01 Be take care your self god bless you
All the best team india chak de india keep rock in field virat and co
U r soooooo sweet sallu
Worst part about talking to an old friends after many days , unknowingly you would touch some pain points/recent changes . #friends #life
Uhhh what ever happened to the \ """""""""""""""""""""" this page is dedicated to quality confessions\ """""""""""""""""""""" motto ? I thought stuff like this made its way to the other confessions page ...
aam adami ko koi ek like nhi deta or celebrity ko log hazaro like dete hai there is no value of common people in our country this is our real india
@FillAwwSuffer In this age of internet 😂
[ Admin Note ] Hello everyone , I was unwell for a week but I am back now . Please send in your 100% anon confessions to www.iitbsecrets.com
Me ek bjp kary karta hu magar muje aj bahot dukha huha ki sarkar sarkari karmchari ko bonash me batho tari ki e pan hamare desh ke khedut or jvano ke lihe sarkar ke pas time bhi nahi he jo bichare khedut ki bat sun sake muje aj bahot dukha hota
Bhai gats bano khob kamo .. help poor man .. .
rajasthan me vidyartimitra siksako ko 3saal se ghar betakar 24000 siksako me se 23 vidyartimitra aatmahatya kar chuke he ! fir bhi tum maun ho , sayad tum hi esa karwa rahe wo , kya baat he modi itna giroge ? har chize hisab mangti he aur in siksako ki maut ka badala liya jayega babu its challange !
true man modi jai hind
I really really admired this lady from my heart n soul
Narendra Modi ji S-400 system will secure our skies , jai hind !!
Loveeeeeeeeeeee uhhhhhhhhhhhhh soooooooo muchhhhhhhhh Bhaijaaaaan SalmaaaaaaaaaaaN KhaaaaaaaaaaaaaaN
@htTweets it was smart step .. Karan Thapar is a black spot on his name . Indian Army do n't need ur opinion n certificate .
@KeepItRaaz @Lady_Jia_ @Divani_foreverr @isavagebaggage @kraxylol Alternative current banjao .. . Direct current to NH bn skte hna 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Hindustan ne toss jita ... ballebazi ka faishla .....
Modisir you are best leader and samajsudharak of the world
So it 'd actually , technically , require fewer warheads to exterminate our species . But that 's irrelevant , Maximilian points out : """""""""""""""""""""" There are an estimated total of 20 , 500 nuclear warheads in the world today . If the average power of these devices is 33 , 500 Kilotons , there are enough to destroy the total earth landmass . """"""""""""""""""""""
Bola tha toss jita hai match b jitenge .... Indiarockss — feeling proud
Yar Mera Super star . Desi kalakar
@prempanicker They 've really made him look like he 's having a good time :)
Akdam sahi h sir ji , ap jo likhte h wo sahi , wo apki life pe akdam set hota h ,
@gary_hensel Maya angelou ! She is absolutely amazing ! Love her words !
Ronaldo !! !! What a run and WHAT A FINISSSHHHHHH
today india have to win if anybody want this then cheer for indian cricket team BHARAT MATA KI JAY
that is why we respect you so much . MAHAAN isiko kahte hain
So you're saying its okay for women to bait , lure and use guys then ?
Salman k bina no entry
Congratulation virat kholi is nice balebagi 154 run bnakr India ko Jit dilai mankhush kr diya virat
end of an era but legends never die
Really Salute u p.m modi ji
god bless u
Ata vk jaer ran na korla gom hoy na , Ran kora ta or kaca kaber kaor moto ran na korta pala gom o pat kono ta tik moto hoy na , salam my favarit vk .
Amir khan ne bollywood ka naam zinda raka hai .. .. . you must be proud of him not hate him .. he increase ur country 's GDP .. He pay agiant tax to ur government .. .. respect him indians
@GaryLineker @GarethBale11 This is n't beautiful . Please bring on those Master craftsman 's tap-ins
special thanks to indian coach
All the best for ur upcoming match 's nd also a upcoming world cup
madarchod phir aur ek match hara diya . kyon retire nahin le raha he tu sala bhosdike
kasme wade pyar wafa sab baaten hain baaton ka kya
thanks .. .. l m m a rana
Jai ho narender modi ki
Happy birthdayyy to you Maddy ^ _ ^ . Namaste dear Aamir Khan <3
congrats to all the grass-roots workers of bjp
When will be the next season of pro kabaddi
#244 : fakka guaranteed , thank you IITB Confessions .
@LtGovDelhi @msisodia We believe in him and he would have done it even if u had not written !
Aur krle cheer . Har gye na
Shri Narendra Modiji , we now a days seen from every side ( Kashmir , Bangal , Maharashtra ) in HINDUSTAN only HINDUS are targeted , please have a look .. .. sir .. ..
A significant number of juveniles executed in Pakistan based on arbitrary guesses on their age by police-Zainab Malik #SeekingSocialJustice
Sir Ji aap superstar ho aur hamesha superstar rahenge , aap jiyo hajaro sal . Many many happy returns of the day
rahul tu sirf bhashan dey ,,
@ArvindKejriwal can u pls check the situation of safdurjung hospital situation where no beds are available for new born babies and their mom
Nobody cheats death it's the ultimate truth right :P
@Pawansh07 @vikaskyogi @SPDubey9 @ArvindKejriwal @DelhiJalBoard this is serious issue . plz get it fixed asap .
@LFC @premierleague Why are they even tweeting this , LOL !!
the last Indian hero & brave also .. .. .. .. . Selut to you .. .. Jai hind .
lve u so much virat .. . u r awsm player of India .. . always keep ur place in all career such odi 20 20 then test .. .. u can only break all records in world cricket .. all the bst drr virat lve u soo muchh
My best wishes and thank to PM MODI for having more Economic engagement between India and NZ .
"""""""""""""""""" @ShekharGupta Seems like arrival of Rakhi Sawant into the controversy is a """""""""""""""""""""" Pleasant surprise """""""""""""""""""""" for you . """"""""""""""""""
Aaj kal hum nahi India map doosri teemper Virat ka Jalta Hai only Virat nice bottom
All the best Team India & Virat bhai ..
@Midlajj Technically IM Vijayan is the only player with two hat tricks . Appalaraju scored thrice in two matches but they were not ha t-t ricks
Rahul Bhat Aap ho confessor ! :P
I saw your interview in Apki Adalat where you answer regarding Kashmiris and Kashmiri Pandits . Do u have any knowledge about Kashmir or Kashmiris ? How dare u said that its shame on Kashmiris who out pandits from their houses . Mr Amir Khan shame ur indian politicians not Kashmiris . Pandits go by their choice nobody force them . Why dont Sikhs left Kashmir why only pandits . I am going unfollow u . Watch Kashmir what they are going through nowadays then decide whom to be shamed . From a powerless Kashmiri
@Lisaraniray Awsmmmm
@FourFourJordan EVERYONE rates Rashford . But saying he 's as good as Mbappe or Dembele rn is daft
hurry up friend and tell ur
@SkypeSupport i am note able to use my web cam on skype
@FemaleTexts Im doing engineering and I had to take up history like WHY
True love is eternal ! #fb
Congratulations to u salman bhai
cool pic 's , love u pc
Sk ,,,, Kahn ho ap
Toss bhi humne jita tha match bhi hum hi jitenge or world cup bhi hum hi jitenge #IndvsPak #IndWins #BleedBlue
come on yaar itni bi sati savitri mat ban ... pehle khud chat karti h phir haan bolti h phir kehti h ki mai kisi ke emotion ke sath nhi khelti ??? what a crap !!
Yup . .. . hii salman sir .. Aap jaisa bole .. .. Best of luck manish ji
In order to succeed our desire for success should be greater than our fear of failure !! Remember Evry test in our lifes make us BITTER or BETTER !! Evry prblm comes to MAKE us or BREAK us .. Choice is ours .. Whtr we bcm VICTIM or VICTORS !! !
While we make new friends , dont forget our old ones ! Russia was with us when everyone had left us . The alliance with US is great , hopefully we manage to balance both our friends and move ahead !
So if you think relationships are just about spending money .,.,.. i am glad you don't have any Girlfriend .,., :P
toss jita ab match jito ... Go India Go .... India elected to bat . — watching South Africa vs India
Check Out guys with the totally an great feature Datsun redi-GO Gold 1.0 L #VoteForGold @DatsunIndia
bharat maa ki godi , mange modi - modi
Salman please come to TURKEY pleaseee :'(
I hide my anger to keep myself going .
nibha raha hai koi ,
your Narender modi app is very complicated
shoib akhtar misbah ky khlaf zda bhonky na , khud apna pta nahe jb heroin ka nasha krta tha . ganda
sir desh k gaddaro khan 's kaha p hai
@KeerthyOfficial keerthi I am going to make tattoo of your name on my 💓 .
Jio kabaddi team of India jai hind jai bharat
Dear confessor . Well its still on and these days the kids call it \ """""""""""""""""""""" mi \ """"""""""""""""""""""
for the past and till now Russian s are supporting us , it provided the defence technology most time so it is friend of our country , now big tie between these two will send messages our opposite country .
bhaiyo plz visit dis luckys profyl
1990s my all time favourite actress .. . whom we saw growing up watching her movies and songs .. One and only Priyanka chopra .
Feels proud seeing In foreign country n in Indian traditional dress .. kurta , pajama .. . The best dress worldwide
@barnalirays @_mwaseem_ Yeah .. . thanku so much dear :) take lots of care 👍🏻 :)
#LoanSePehleLog They are going to encourage a deep understanding of these core values with this launch of the Piramal Housing Finance
@Femme_Furious Also , tell said friend that they 're not worth all the stress they 're causing .
Best in the world .. .. the current government of New Zealand is not better for India .. ..
Modi sahb .. . aag si mat khelo .. . yeh aag dono taraf har cheez ko jala kar raakh kar di gi .. .. Pakistan itnaa kuch bna chuka hy kih india jitna marzi zoor laga lay jeet nahi sakta .. .. hamin pata hy ap indra gandhi ki history duhrana chahty ho par ab aisa nahi ho Sakta .. .. yeh atom bom ise leay banaya hy kih dubara koi 71 ko na duhraa saky .. . ap ki shadeed khwahish ki bawajood aisa nahi ho Sakta .. .. kio kih agar app ni aisa kuch karny ki koshash ki tu phir dono taraf har cheez jal kar rakh ho jay gi .. . kuch nahi bachay ga makamal barbadi ho gi .. .. behtar hy ap in #extremest logon ki baton mein naa aain .. . aur dono country ko bachain .. . mein aik aam admi .. . from Pakistan .! !!
@luv_datta Understood as cigarettes been banned from shops you moved to ghanja Jai ho
luv u salu bhai
jai ho .. .. .. #respect for everyone
"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""" -A financial engineer build dreams . And , you know , when those dreams turn out to be nightmares , other people pay for it . """""""""""""""""""""" #theinsidejob """"""""""""""""""
Russians are brothers , others are friends . Pls dont let our brotherly relation break . They are bold and not oppurtunist like some countries . History tells they always stood behind us like a rock in the difficult times . Long Live Russia Long Live India
some people are so inspiring its unbelieveable
I donno y ... I am getting a feel that Shoib akhtar​ is the most gawar #hindi commentator I ever heard #IndvdPak #BleedBlue #kohli #misbah
Hello sar main pakistani apko yaha bht bht pasnd karte hai sb
Private message me and I can connect you to someone who helped me a lot
#247 : Hey admin , this crappy guy from < XXX > has been sending all rubbish and utter lies as confession ... why are u even entertaining them ?
@shilpa1300 Dmm me
Yari road still awaits your presence during Diwali . Happy Dhanteras !
Magizhchi ! :) Superstar Rajinikanth is global phenomenon :) Loved and worshipped even in far Poland :)
All the best ma 'am .
Respected big brdr .. . Happy dewali in advance .. .. Great player great human being great man .. . God bless u .. . U r really proud of India
miss u manna day sir
virat u r going to be the legend of cricket .. . superb .. .. .. .. . u broke sachin 's record in this small carier .. . I know in future I will do more then this .. heads of u chikoo .. .
tere sir pe likha tha kya sc/ st. .... chu* #ye bhikhari jesi halat me jayega tb to koi b discriminate karega
"""""""""""""""""" Also #BHU VC claims that """""""""""""""""""""" Outsiders """""""""""""""""""""" hijacked protestms .. . just like in 9th Feb #JNU admin said """""""""""""""""""""" outsiders """""""""""""""""""""" raised """""""""""""""""""""" Anti-National """""""""""""""""""""" slogans """"""""""""""""""
Bhai airpot per ladai kr di kya ajj bhi .
1 number sir hai aur rahega .. .. ..
@benjaChomin Glad you liked it . Thanks for sharing :)
We must get them back to support us in the way USSR use to , more than China , more than anyone else . If we keeping buying military products from America , we will loose Russian friendship which can cost us dearly . In my limited knowledge of Indian modern history , Russia and Israel are two countries whom we can call brothers , rest are fair weather friends .
hEY sallu Bhai .. . When we will see our swetty bhabi and your Angel baby .. .
Dunia ko apne bae haat ke isharo pe nachao par apne mulk ko bhul matt jao .. .. .. .. .. Jay Hind
@kriti_official Hi beautiful . You are absolutely stunning and gorgeous .
Best poster of this year and rightly told Mhaari choriyan chhoron se kam hai ke ? Inn fact Kyo bhi choriyan Chhoron se kam nayi hoti hai woh toh unno se zayda balwaan hoti hai . Woh ek naya jeevan ko Janam deti hai Jo ek chhoron kabhie bhi nayi kar sakta hai .
@IrfanPathan @iamyusufpathan You both are my hero !! 👏👏👏👏👏👏👏
Virat kohli is run mashine of india Ye banda nhi thakne wala hai Ye run banatejaga
please ek like hamare page Oye Sunday Kb Hai Yaar :-p pr v krdo na
Aap ko desh ki hi bat karani chahiye
@SamanthaNair23 really ? oye hoyeee balle balleeee 💃💃💃💃😍😍 bas ab sward fighting chahye mujhko 😍😍
\ """""""""""""""""""""" other hot chicks\ """""""""""""""""""""" ... :-P
So foreign logo ki tarah rule kaun follow krta h yaha ?. . Sala red light par 2 min ruk to skta h nahi koi . . Jaha dekho rule todte h . . Kutto ne dailogue b bna dia k rule to todne k liye hote h . . rules hamare benifit k liye hi hote h . . Kbi suna h k ek bike wala red light par ruka aur truck se kuchla gya ?. . Nahi na truck se vahi mrta h jo signal cross krta h . . Problem hmare rules todne se hi shuru hoti h
toss jita ab match ki bari hai .. goindiago #IndVPak
BJP 'S @varungandhi80 bats for #Rohingyas and takes a stand contrary to BJP govt . There 's more to it than meets the eye . Something cooking !
I have this pic from last year #priyankachopra happy diwali in advance
I am the beggest fan of virat .. .. i love you so mch vrat bhai .. .. .. respected from pak .. .. ..
can u elaborate
Turn the pain into power . 💪👊✊👍✌ #FitnessGoals #FIFAU17WC
Madam ji religion ke nam pe khudka nam mat jada kro
@shashank631996 Rich do n't get any doles or freebies ?? ?
@somalipjm @BANGEXO21 @xiummmin @ironicallynice yeah they did , congrats to them 😊
hay I AM YUNUS KHAN MUJSE DOSTI KAROGE
@chavinanupam ha ha ha good one !
@Dheeraj_only @ZeeNews @sudhirchaudhary @sardanarohit @SureshChavhanke Exactly They need to think beyond gaining TRPs
Sirf confession pages pe hi log aese uchh vichar kyu rakhte ae
U should have come to promote ur Movie by shusant Singh rajpoot .. .. in Home town . .. .
shame on you fake gandhies
@SagoonIncorp Thank you for awesome contest Biggest wish to win #SagoonPreDussheraContest .
Agr ye yorker king ha to wasim akram waqar younus shoaib akhtar umer gul malinga zeher kha ly
#322 : Syd mate , why did you break up with Vid ? I know its none of my business but you guys were so in love and it breaks my heart to see you apart from each other . Please respond .
It 's a fest to see Bale & Cristiano work together and score goals . #RMUCL #HalaMadrid
dosti ka rishta bada paak hota hai
AB ki sari ex Gf agar """" Shadi ka jhansa dekar rape kia """" wala case AB ke naam kia hota to bolo aishwarya ki shaadi kisse hoti .. ,? Bujho to jaane .. . :p
toh dekha aapne kese is page ne is insaan ki zindgi badal di ... toh jaldi like kijiye ye page ... aur apni zindgi me badlaav mehsus kijiye .. :D
@TataSwach A3 ) GUJARAT #TataSwachQuiz
The dirt is in your mind . . If 2 people can tie rakhis and become ' mooh-boli ' bhai and behen ... whats wrong with ' mooh-boli ' papa beti ?. In Champs H3 circa 93 , there was a ' mooh-boli ' saas-bahu relation between 2 guys . the saas would torture the bahu day in and day out . Whos to draw the line whats acceptable and whats Not ... next u will be bashing Gay marriage for all we know LoL
#323 : I am a small town girl who came to IITB and met this hotshot Xavierite big city boy from Bombay . He thought I was a super nerd who was too backward . Guess he just wanted action . So during our initial meetings I kept being a cock-teaser by telling him about the guys I have had and how I love it when guys talk dirty to me ... this \ """""""""""""""""""""" stud\ """""""""""""""""""""" was hooked and kept sending me dirty sms throughout the day , he constantly tried to ask me out and sleep with me . Several expensive dinners and hot groping markout sessions and a year later , he gave up trying . I got to hang out with decent crowd , not the loser guys at IITB , got free meals and clubbing for a year though ! Who's complaining ;)
Sir kabi ans to dete nai ap
I love Dhoni . plez score 50run in international twenty cricket . we are waiting .
@NationalistRavi So if bete can face lathicharge then why there is much fuss about lathicharge on betis Dual Standard is in our blood . 😂
Congtlate VIRAT sir Aap to tal war ho all over world ki team ke liya
But rekha g hoti to kya baat hoti .. .
@mallik_muzammil You should join the madness I tell ya 😂
Bhagwaan naa kare mere veere ko .. kisi ki Nazar lagey .. .. Buri nazar lagaane waale tera muh kaala .. .. . Carry on ur form like this greatest Man on the planet . KING KOHLI
ae mere pyare watan and ae meri johrajabi songs are my favourite and we missing very much manna de
real lion of World ARINA
Hlw . . . . salman vai
hi amir sir ji nemaskar you 're a great hero for Indian cinema sir I am big fan your works sir I am song 's and story writer so pl sir give me chance my telent sir one time work with you sir pl pl pl pl .. .. .. .. .. pl pl pl .. .. .. .. .
Yes Modi is best leader in the world representing largest democracy of the world . Be careful of neighborhood country that has indiscreet butchers and jihadists .
j bumrah is a good talented and accurate fast bowler but yorker king is not a suitable word for him . waqar younus and wasim akram are real yorker kings of all time
U r looking like me #ms . i am so handsome . don """""""""""""""""""""" nt try to be like me .
salluu plesae Come to TURKEY pleaseeee
Badal Rahe hai Aapne Bharat desh ko Hamare Priye Damdar Great Prime Ministar Shri Narendra Modi ji Vikas ki Majbut sarkar Hamare Damdar Great Prime Ministar Shri Narendra Modi ji ki hai sarkar sab ka sath aur Sab ka Vikas Kar rahe hai Hamare Priye Damdar Great Prime Ministar Shri Narendra Modi ji ki sarkar
we want a self dependent and self sufficient India .. .. we need to think over it dr modi ji . . y r we still lagging behind them in field of technology ? .. . we need to take this issue with depth . .. keep going we all know what u have been nd is doing fr country ☺ . jai Bharat
@vmittra Congratulations
SirJi , Bura mat manana just kidding , """" Paa """" me aap ne iske upar kuchh kaha tha ,,,,,,,,,,,,,
@rishibagree @ShefVaidya @pbhushan1 wud be more happy to see them killing hindus here in India .
Sir Modi ofcourse you are a best PM but I will be proud of you when you will put Sonia Italian in jail in augasta case cz it 's proved that she is guilty she said she do n't afraid anybody so dare & show us your 56 inch chest . & law order of india dont delay people of india are waiting for your daring . Jai hind .
@GautamGambhir GREAT GAUTAM , GO AHEAD
BUT WHY CANT SAY POSITIVE WORDS TO HER HUSBAND OR SON AT LEAST(IF PRESENT )
Virat Kohli : Age : 27 ODI Centuries : 26 This is Insane ! What a great century by Virat Kohli . Full credit goes to Ross Taylor for dropping his catch .
@Being_tanveer3 Breaking- Dhoom 4 star cast salman and Jaqueline release Christmas 2018
I want to see you . please aamir please answer me . you are very great , human , father , actorrr .. pleaseee aamir answer me .. . I speak little english I am a turkish but I can do everythink so I started learn english I love you great actor I am a your great fan
Gaddar h tu aamir dil tod diya tune mera . Phle teri jitni respect karta tha aaj utni hi nafrat karta hu
You are great player in the whole world and all the best for 4 ODI in Ranchi I hope you give your best and I praye to god for next ODI
@bluntfactor Hahahaha this keeps on getting better 😂
The greatest hero of our country .. . Pride of India .. . :)
Emp Ally _/\\_
Well said #Vk .. !! U r one of d best n amazing player we hv ever seen n captain too .. best wishes fr d upcoming matches to u n d entire team also .. whether u loosed d match but Indian team won millions of hearts as they gave their best .. .! ! When u start believing in urself ,, u can archive any thing u want ,, as believing in urself is d 1st step to success .. u should never bother about what others think about u b 'coz good n happy lyf begins when u stop comparing urself wid others . !! Best wishes fr everyone n God bless all . #enjoyurlyf #itcomesonceonly .. .! !! I wish a very #happy #Diwali to all ,, may dis festival brings happiness success n joy in everyone 's lyf .. enjoy but beware of burning crackers .. burn crackers in limit n distribute some sweets n crackers poor ppl too as they will feel too good n happy ,, n u will get blessings from them .. .! !
yiiipppiieee india won the match .. .. kohli rocks britishers shock .. .. . yeahhee .. ..
right now watching silsila on max you looks best in this movie
modi aa raha hai aap sahyog kare
"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""" What do you do for a living ? """""""""""""""""""""" Suicidal : postpone . """"""""""""""""""
@iamsrk_vraj Haan ajkal main raat ko hi office jata hoon .. kaam bhi zyada nhi hota to sukun ke din guzar rha hun .. :P
Girls boys chodo or pedo par dhyaan do .. .. save tree mere bolne se sayad koi fark na pade par ap log bologe to jarur fark padega .. . Tree nahi honge to na girls hogi na boys
sahi kaha ahmed bhai rahul hi agla pm hi
respect every indian for this guy joo .. 50+ umar mea bhi personality ki wajah se 30 sal ka dekh raha hea .. such a great mr. perfectionest .
Tera dhyan kid har hai .. camera idhar hai ..
Been to Ladakh numerous times seen the school and pangong lake The movie brings thousands to Ladakh How about a sign outside Leh airport Rancho welcomes you to ladakh
@ola_supports driver should have contacted to the customer . if it so
#Bloggers hain koi timepass nahi ki phone ghumaya and bula liya . Have some shame and stop asking for free work .
Virat kohli world 's best player .. . Great work .. . best wishes for you .. .
Well done sir , as Russia is our strategic partner from 60 years & our friendship is time tested , so gud to see u to build the strong relationship with Russia . Thank you mr prime minister
HAPPY BIIRTHDAY AMITA H G , LOVE U
Paa Ji this unique look also have became style across the country ..
According to my think , THE RUSSIA IS A BELEIVABLE COUNTRY .. .. . THE CAN NOT SUPPORT PAKISTHAN .. .. I EXPRESSED MY THANKS TO RUSSIAN PRESIDENT AT THIS MOMENT .. ..
@GuardiolaFlair So very direct .
@superkinglabs Option of buying more undos through coins .. .
@urvi_singhhh @VWellwishers I LOVEEEE YOUUUU ❤❤
BAGHBAN .. .. .. .. an amazing movie =)
@karishmakotak Mashallah so beautiful 😍😍😍😍😍
Haji sahab bana do ek kr naya record box office pr
Maybe just trying to be friend ..... Could be of great help would do your assignments for free ;)
Your DCH dialogue was just reverse of your own actions - Perfection ko Improve karna is difficult .. You do it so easily .. Great one to watch for Sure .
stunning viraat .. . excellent clash between nz n India .. . gracefully approach credit goes to u .. winning match
Subh-B-Khair GR8 SALLU BHAI
Sir , bas .. . Kitna promote karoge thoda sohail bhai ko bhi toh mauka toh promote krne ka
Great test series against kiwis .. , congratulations for the odi .. ., ! Come on .. .. !
I 'm have an online in the Deaf of my all friend .. .. Love You alos NYC l want to thak
I have already played it , awesome game bhai
Bale there outpaced the defender and got taken down . No penalty ? Isco shoots high Smh
Kiling in0cents is nva great
We have Faith on Our Respected Prime Minister
ModiJi Tomorrow 28th , Our Friend Birthday I mean Birthday to that CPU ( World Public Figure ) , So do n't forget to pray for him and Bless him for his Good Health and his Dream Come True .. . We Love You ModiJi .. .
Phir shayeri likhu sir
This is Diwali gift for Pm modi sir . world best Leader in a history .
Behudh khub surat penting Bahut sunder tasbeer sir
Araghya am super happy for you Princess !! Thank you so much Aamir ji for making her day !
What a fabulous win .. .. #India #rock the world #Ajay thakur plyd stunning #congratulations to team# all Indian 's# .. .. eagerly waiting for pro kabaddi .. .
Tie-breakers and Europe . @LaverCup so far .
Sir ishe kahte hai hunar ..
As life progresses , images blur . All that remains are memories . Some of them true , some of them false .
Yaar ... tooney toh like Main Building ki ' maang bhar di ' ... dedh-litre sindoor sey ... Good keeda !
Happy birthday sir ji Wish you a very healthy long life !!
"""""""""""""""""" @aliaa08 @meghnagulzar @vickykaushal09 @karanjohar @JungleePictures You lookin so damn beautiful in your """""""""""""""""""""" RAAZI """""""""""""""""""""" look 🤗😍 """"""""""""""""""
@ZeeNewsHindi @sudhirchaudhary Truth
manna dey was a very good singer
Sadhu baba ki tarah dari mat rakhkho yr . Kal badiya pari khela hai . next game k liye best of luck .
Lots of Respect To Bhai 's Dad
What #NationWantstoKnow - actual condition of the #IndianHealthCare or the personal scandals of an #Indian #Godman and his assistant ?
rahul gandhi at kerala yaathra
@shahidkapoor I love you 😍😍
pahaley Hero , Heroin bhout mushkil say dikhtay thay tabhi unki value thi aab Hero , Heroin asani say dikh gatey hai isliye unki value nahi hai apna hisab , kitaab pahale ki tarah kar digiye aur khub tarkii kariye aur shaan say rahiye
Hands offff sir apne indians ko ek baaaaar phir sina chodha krkai jinaa ssikha diya bhagwaaan apki umarr bhut lambi kre jai hind bjp
@Being_Muggle @RumanaNazarali Waah dancing Barun to wish you birthday .. what a unique way
may his soul rest in peace
@ndtv @LRC_NDTV Nope . Ur channel has a retard logic with sick sense of joirnalism
@MailOnline An urgent need of the world&human kind , as USA has withdrawn from the role of world 's civilizational leadership
u no .. 1 .. .. im rappar .. so im wrigh bout u .. Punjabi Vich .. . tere vad koi tere Varga ni aana .. tere to phla tere Varga koi hor ni hona
Love u Salman bhai from Delhi
#219 : I am a 9 pointer and I have been smoking joints ever since I joined IITB . I have even attended quizzes , labs and endsems totally high , and nobody figured it out yet .
MSD is best cool captain india & Army team .. .. nice pik ,,, jai hind sir
Yar Mera Super star . Desi kalakar .. nice1
what education ? many type of education in you mean school education if i not support you
When is next season of pro kabaddi ?! :D
@HomerOpines @kevin88fern @_amiteshSingh @its_tabrez_4u @JosePuliampatta BOOM 😂
V beautiful pic Sir ji
@FaslaRakhein dad office k kaam me phasay hue hen .. 9 , 9.30 tak aa jae ge ... 😒😒 Yaha wait hi nai ho raha .. 😒😒😕
Halo virat kohli JI dhanteras dipawali ki dher Sari subhkamnaye
Congrats to both leaders , Mr. Putin and Mr. Modiji for enhancing friendship between India and Russia and cooperation in business and economic sectors .
india ne ab tak pak ke khilap worldcup me toss india jita hai
@TariqSagheer @pbhushan1 OK I will go ! But please search once time about Kashmiri pandit & bangali 's Hindu
We All want Virat kohli to captain the Indian Team And Ms Dhoni To play his naturel old fashion cricket .. I am not indian But i also want him to play his natural game .
@madhurima011 Hey darling
Happy birthday big b
Super looks sir ji . OLD and gold sir ji .
Hmm Virat Kohil Such A Great Player He is belong to india But Great player Congratulations Kohli
Bruno kislye rakhe iski nam ? Wak chi .. But i still love u <3 #kohli
I love you so beautifull you are the best actor in the world
This Relationship should always grow stronger and stronger .
Salman sir ka tho kuch reply hi n krte ab mai msg hi n karugi apko
Sallam Aamir bhai ? Yrr sub ap ko english ma comment likh rha h meri english tori week h Ma ap ka sub say bara faan hu mujy pta h jwb to ap dy ni skty but humy boht besubry say intizar h ap ki DANGAL movie ka
@ShawnMendes You 're the most coolest and great person in the whole universe .. .. .. Love you .. .. .
Virat my brother plays very good cricket and he wants to become like you .. .. .. .. Please shave your beard
You 're greater than other pm
Many many happy returns of the day sir Ji .
aap soche desh ke liye kya kiya ? desh sab khuch deya aisa kam karo ke dunia aap ko hamesh yad kare aap ke papaji ke tarah
#BraveIndianArmy Proud of you guys and congratulations
* normal ppl * -singing d lyrics * me * -singing d lyrics -doing air drumming -guitar riffs -headbanging -kicking d wall -Fuck You
Kinyu mujhe salman sir bahut achhe lagane lage he kinyu itana sunadar sir bane he
Mr. Modi you are truly an exceptional leader . You work so hard for whom ?? so that we all can become better and India can prosper !! !
Hi virat wish u happy birthday in advance . May god bless u nd ur wishes come truend hav a happier life ever luv u
@KhushiPatodi Junk food 😛
@stevelvets @ddeulgichu Best fucking song out there
Tu ek short temperd or ghamandi girl hai .. And chutia ladki tere neigbr ko pta nai hoga ki usne tujhe prpos kia hai .. or bc u fuck ur self ... like oggy does ...
Sir selfie lena mat bhulna
Why most of the temples are under Govt of India control , and why not Church and Masjid not in Govt of Inida Control ?
Tusi ta ji record breaker ho
Thanks Dear Friends for liking my views on the Nuclear Plants issue .. .. With regards to Dear Manoj , Dear Mitch and other Friends .
Ek number salman Khan sultan
Woow Ms Dhoni sir u r really Hero of my country sir I can n't wait now to see u on cricket field .. Love u .. sir my dream is to meet you at least one time in my whole life
When someone achieves a legend life .. . People give their examples .. . U r such an human Being .. . Either we are at workplace or in personal life if we follow what he says .. We all can get whatever we want .. . All the best .. MSD7
If Cricket is a forest then ms dhoni is the lion of it .. .. . u r the king of cricket sir .. .. . u are best in all fields .. .. . I hate those people who hate u .. . I can fight with the whole world just for u .. .. love u ms Sir 30 september .. .
I SALUTE INDIAN AIR FORCE DAY JAI HIND
@aliasshivani @aliaa08 5 star hotels are near my house I mean Taj n Le meridian ! Taj dur h todha shyd bt LM ka 20-30 mins ka rasta h
@ArnabGOffice @SwetaSinghAT @sagarikaghose Hi Dear All , please help me in getting my hard earned money refunded from Social Trade scam . Pls
I get really annoyed when promos show up on my newsfeed without captions . Excuse YOU , Facebook , stop thinking I 'm scrolling with sound on .
All the best virat i know ki aap accha kheloge phod doge accha lagta hai aapko practice akarte dekhna accha khelte huye dekhna ish baar century laga kar hi aana love uuuuuuu
Was best day of my life where you actually recognised me without even introduction by host . Told Ha is that Vicky yeah he is Vicky oh Hai Vicky how are you doing . I know Vicky and I went dumbfold ☺
Respected Beloved Sir . I have lot to say but you do n't have time to read . Your good works are not properly related to AMJANTA . JOY HIND
ab tum hi ho ab tum hi ho best pm
Congratulations team India & thankyou Anup sir
@AshishChowdhry binge watched all 14 episodes of Dev , luved every bit of it .. . u r in top form as Detective Dev Anand Burman
2-0 . Martial from the spot . ️⚽️ #MUFC #UCL
narender modi lao rahul ghandi ko bhagao manmohan to ek robet h , modi ji ham sab ko aapse bahur umeed h ,
my 6 yrs old daughter can bowl better than umesh yadav
mmrys lst ever
Ab kya hua china presindent ka haath pakad ke khade hai kal he sab log bol rahe the china ke saaman ka bahishakar karo aaj china ka president india me hai koi nahin bol raha hai kya hua indians
WOW GREAT .. . '' HAPPY TEACHERS DAY ''
#321 : To the short spectacled Sophie from Chem who's currently managing E-cell ... I have this major crush on you and can't get you off my mind ! Many of you would have guessed who this confession is about . :)
She is MP from my place .. . mathura .. .. jai shri krishna .. .. amitabh sir
@crchaudharymos Congratulations
@AamAadmiParty Good news for guest teachers They r no longer guest now
Ur jabraa fan .. . Sallu bhai
Hit hone ke chakkar me amitabh se milte huye ranveer .. . :D
I LOVE YOU NARENDRAMODI sar very povd of india
manna dey jaise log kabhi nahi marte woh amar ho jaate hain
@SQLInterstellar Oh ok Hacker . Think like a hacker .
Mr. PM Modi zee your BJP party se my state president Haribabu Kambhapati zee & my Dist president T . Vijaya Laxmi zee your party se Muje ko insult be karliya . Sir my state dewide hone ka badh Aapk my state se kya bola . Sir Aapka my state se ye deko Andhrapradesh peoples this Congress party ( Giving to Birth Mother of Telangana & Giving to the Child Killed the Andhrapradesh ) ayasha jyada bola . Sir next your Venkaiah Naidu Birth place be your 's Village be hy . So your state ko koye be problemme aayega tho your 's Venkaiah Naidu zee pure dektha hy bola . Sir your 's Sushmaswaraj be jyada bolega . Sir your 's Sushmaswaraj ye deko Telangana peoples your 's dream Telangana dena ko Mother Shri Sonia Gandhi se your 's dream Telangana aane ko time may supporting dena ko candidate this small Aunty Sushmaswaraj ko be jara yadh rako zee bola .
Is baar likhenge esa itihaas ki panna mushkil hoga aur liya jo panga tumne hmne to duniya pakistan k naam na hoga
Happy birthday vindo ji
@RajivKumar1 PERFECTION IS ALWAYS PRAISED . OM BOOKS AND RESEARCH , NEW DELHI .
@BhayanaYogita Mam thanks for yoyr rply . Unable to send you msg in inbox . Plz share your mail id i will forward you there .
Whenever I listen to Modi ji speech , and his work . I feel like Sri Ram and Swami Vivekananda reborn to make India strong and world leader , then world will follow us .. . Modi Ji U r great sir
Yes modiji hi ye kar sakte he .. .. .. .. ek hi mission only progress of our india .. .. .. .. we all salute modiji
* would 've been . Ffs can n't tweet without a typo .
Revnge takedown :D rspct
I remember once when my dad gave me money to pay the electricity bill but instead i bought a lottery ticket for a brand new car . When i got home , i explained to my dad what i did and he beat the crap out of me . But the next day , when my dad woke up and opened the door , outside my house was a brand new car . We all cried especially me , because the car was from the electricity company , they were there to cut off the electricity , my dad beat the crap out of me again . you motherfuckers
Very Nice ,,,,, bhaijan ka sultan film mujhy bilkul axha nhi laga .. .. Fir be you 're the best .. .. frm : - Pakistan
I am a Bangladeshi . but really wanted to see this movie . coz it is a untold story of a legend . Love u
Chalte raho virat jee or 264 is recod ko tor ke age nilakna hai odi .. recod
So so disappointed in Sturridge #LFC
Oye balle balle ...... India won #IndvsPak ... Celebration time .. ♥♥♥♥
our modi saab is the greatest allrounder we ever had same spirit same zeal
US slaps sanctions on eight North Korean banks , 26 executives
Qk As main ap be hogy arbz bahi be hogy
@HimanshuDelhiOn @NitinAgarwalBJP The latest minister Anant Hegde .. Just an example ! 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
#IndvsPak Bhakht ( HDL / Hindu mahasabha ) deekh loh SHAMI ne wicket liyah hain abh to desh pe khatra nahin hain
What a dress , dear Prime minister .. .. U r the trend setter .. ..
@PowerPlayWorld heard shoib akhtars interview post Pakistan-West Indies match ? ' misbah match ki summary de raha hai ?! '
@FazilRafi Thankfully turned out well ☺ ️
Mai jrur dekhungi ye movie Sallu .. .. { Sorry Sallu }
Salman bhai big boss 10 ka first look full ek number fantastic hai and you are the best #beingsalmankhan and we are very happy and excited that you going to host #bigboss10 agian that 's aweosme
Mulle Ko Hum Hindu Support Nahi Karte
Sounds fake . Dont believe everything you read on the internet
Sir mne kbhi bhi B 'day nhi mnaya ; 21 saal ho gye
hahaha hillarious , i think forget abt the rhino , think abt the ppl living on foot paths all over the india .. .. .. . Ghalib had said """" Do gaz zamee ke badle bayabaan bura nahi """"
D-Dyanamic H-Hero O-o f N-Nation I-India Dhoni is Indian lucky most successful Captain cool
we will watch this movie only for mahendra singh dhoni not for sushant singh cz director cast him bcz of he is looking like dhoni his face cut nose body language is like dhoni so he is not hero ms dhoni is the hero of this film not sushant singh also we will watch it for awesome director neeraj panday we r waiting for dhoni 's untold story obviously story of this great guy will great how many r waiting for MS dhoni movie
@UIDAI Why not link vehicle registration number also
^exactly ... fake confession ! :-/
A hero is always on top but this hero is always stay in fans heart that 's viral and his fans
@GINNIEMAHAJAN Are wah u were in dwarka - will u b coming again ?
Looking great Aap aisa aur kya karna chahte ho Jo aapne Abhi take nahi Kiya ?? ?
bhai mja aa gya spcl bolt ko jo aapne 22 runs mare .. . wow .. .. skl dekhne layk thi bolt ki .. . @
@BagatManmohan I think somebody give u money to post post like these
Sir , I have only watched you multiple times in a single 50 minutes video recording of a parliament debate and I fell in love with your ideologies . My forefather was from some place in India ( brought to Fiji as indentured slaves ) and I totally have uttermost respect for you in the way that in that debate how you stated that the lives of farmers need to be improved as they have always been the lifeblood of India for generations . Also , ironing out corruption has not gone unnoticed . Well done Sir .
Priyanka , you are the most delightful girl of them all .
#290 [\\m/] : I used to buy \ """""""""""""""""""""" pussy\ """""""""""""""""""""" cat toffee regularly before I came to IIT . Now I despise the stuff ... #DC ++ changed my life .
Love you salman bhai
Happy birthday farhan .. . my kids and I love watching 3 idiots , it 's like almost everyday we are watching it . One of the best film we have ever watched .
I believe an incomplete confession is an inconclusive confession . The guy is only stating the obvious ? you have to score enough to pass anyway otherwise how else will you graduate ? ;-)
#dontendswabhimaan #saveswabhimaan #WEWANTSWABHIMAAN @rajcheerfull @colorstv change the time slot instead but please do n't end swabhimaan
please my indian people we wanted this year join in Indian all the river join this year other ways wr lost all the agriculture .. and more people die .. . please be successful in the year .. PM Modi with us please share ..
Jiyo virat but har match mai century maro yar mai bhot bada fan hu apka jab koi tumare bare mai kuch galat bolta hai to meri gand jalti hai wish u best of luck virat team india love you a big bigger fan
Hei Priyanka Chopra You have a lot of money Are you doing anything for mistreatment of animals in India or anywhere else ? Are you doing anything to help old and helpless people and poor people who need help ?
Yar Saturday ko kon kaam krta hai .. ullu k phatay 😠 I can watch Pakistan loosing at home not in fucking office 😩
@kamaalrkhan Creepy one 😁😁
The ms dhoni is the best captain in the world so I like u sir I love ur game sir gn
Gud Luck @imVkohli Bhai -- - iam - @imSSumit
welldone Virat jiii wish u all the best for nxt od , s we all luv u
HowlnWolfMan Hi Steven . Are you getting a specific error message ? Give us the exact wording & we 'll look into it . #Google
@doc_veer8 @dr_tushar_mehta Best wishes !
A person and a nation cant be a good friend for all for the same time . You can fool some of the people all the time but not all the people . Modi 's relations are not sustainable . We should be able to understand the fact . And sometimes things dont appear to be fact until the time comes . RIP-foreign policy of Indian PM .
Come to Islamic path .. . Because it is only real path .. .
@codeoholic @yashchandy Yes . While you are at it , make some desi in videshi videos to inspire our lad @sanmeetsingh too
Sab nafisa ka chamcha hain .. Nafisa k age piche ghurte hain .. Ekdin socha tha tum sab mere friend ho .. .. Agar tum log na bolo phirbhi samajh jata hu . tum log mere sath eisa karoge socha nehi tha chi sadia .
@HDFCBank_Cares # As per TRAI reminder calls or reminder sms related to any loans timings are from 9am to 6pm and not after 6pm .
congrats for series win & ur first clean swip as a captaincy .. .. & best of luck for ODI series .. ..
Sir ya kya hai .. .. do log i know galat bhi ho toh bhi Swamiji ya mona ko kyu baar baar jail
We are proud of you .. .. Team Kabbdi
good job Aamir Khan .. .. you are always a source of inspiration for me .. . As maulana Tariq Jameel is also very much inspired of you .. .. .
Jai jai shree radhe bol vrandavan bihari lal ki jai My dear prime minister Our wishes that aap apni ichchhashakti aur manobal ko badaye manav jati ki raksha kare . Mai aapka deshwashi putra sandeep kumar
I was in the same class , same lab as this dude ... I have a copy of this paper . This sort of thing was de rigeur while we were on campus . I gather none of this happens anymore ? ~ Ed
Aamir bhai ma apki acting ki nahi apki insaniat or ajzi ki tareef karu ga . itna famous hone k bawjod ap zra b garur nae krte . may you live long . please keep doing good thnx love u !! !!
Hi salman khan I go to India for you you go to manali my dream see you I am irani
Ek bottle old mong pike to tu g_ _ d k take khul jwnge
Dhoni ne toss jita or batting li .....
That deal make sure availabilty of Electricity to all by 20 ..
Virat sir aap sachin jase khud ke liye q nahi khelate 80-99 me bich out bhi nahi vote us doran apka gem bhi slow nahi hota yar aap deshkelie jo kelte ho maja aata he Sir sehwagh sir orr aapka jabra fannnnnnn
Best movie of cricket was ms. dhoni the untold story
ab hogi bhrashtachariyo ki har kyuki aa gaye modi sarkar modi zindabad
Ja kar Naam puch lo , itna sharmate kyo ho . She will like it .
score is 1 - 1 . now . BTW the kid never forgot the riding lessons . He still proudly claims to have learnt riding on a new CBZ .. 13 yrs ago .
As a Bangladeshi i believe by ur positive leadership India will be the next power number one powerful country of the world
Exiciting game in front of probably the best fan base in the world . Let 's get those 3 points #HalaMadrid
Has anyone used advanced cogging techniques to cheat in tests ?? Did you use old school methods or new tech methods ? Did you cog alone or did you have an accomplice ? Tell us your story . 100% anonymous guarantee !
Congratulations to our team
Train at 11.30 pm .. . its 11.36 .. still no news of its appearance at platform .. . Its at NDLS .. . Can n't imagine a bullet train .. .. @RailMinIndia
so cute post bhaijaan .. really its a super proud moment 4 a true indian .. . proud of u #pvsindhu
While making payment of bill after dinner in restaurant , it feels like state govt & central govt both had a dinner with us . 😂
yYeh naya film hai
Been dabbling with Lightroom presets for sometime . Any recommendations for free packs to tinker around with ? #Adobe #Lightroom
Kitna controversy choti choti batome na sir celebrity honeka yek ye to he sir jhelana padta he
views on public finance management n accountability at each level . Panchyat . Municipal corporation . State govt , it 's ministries n departments . Central Govt , it 's ministries n departments There has to be financial statement includes balance sheet ( statement of assets and liabilities owned ) at each level of public institution . The biggest fraud happening in public finance , being no accounting and preparation of balance sheet / statement of affairs . Let 's raise voice !! !
ghani late release kar ro se movie ne .. ..
Ur so cld boyfrnd timepas wid u ... jb use apna dil bhlana hota h wo tmhre pas ajata ... laat maro ase bf ko ... dis is nt love ... tmhe khud smjh ni aya ye sb dkh kr phn kre mt uthao text kre mt reply do ... huhh ...
aisa kaise ho sakta h .... maine jo confession kiya tha wahi post kar dete
@Britanniacomms @zoilovna @BornFreeAfrica @wffoundation @TigerTimeNow Heaven 's No !
Bhai mohali ke one day ki yad rhegi . Kya match nikala h bhai . Best khildi virat kholi
Mr John Key New Zealand PM will this time change his mind to support India in NSG for India entering
One of the best comedian along gentle villain .. .. .. .. . Aa firangi aa best part of humbleness in lagaan movie .. .. . May allah rest his soul in peace .. .. we miss u Babaa
I just luv her as always u lukng gorgeous : *
Chalo feer se Team india ne prove kr diya ki .. Ek Kohli ek khud Team ka naaam hai .. aur Baaki 10 ek dusri team hai .. . Jab King kohli out hoga .. . inse itna chhota total b nai ban sakaa .. .. . very sad .. saari Match King Kohli hi jitaayega to baaki .. kyaa bhajiyaa talege ground me .. .. .. .
#302 : I made a big mistake signing up for an internship . This is what happens when you join a giveup internship just for money .... They fuck you each and every day and when your stamina is over they ask you why you don't have the capability to get fucked further since you are an IITian . And then they fire you with placement penalty points and fine ( I didn't even know such things happen ) . . So just a piece of advice - don't sign any damn internship offer if you know you don't like it , then a sidey project is the best thing to do . If anyone knows how/where to check placement penalty points , please comment . #giveup @intern
Blue happens to be my favorite color <3
God 's power is the ultimate power mindset is important for every human being enjoy each and every moment create lovable society mindset is also important for every job
what different experience .. .. .. ?? ? Because of u we had lost a match against west indies in florida .. .. .. Please take a retirement from odi and t20 also .. ..
koun yaha kise dil mein jagah deta
You look really perfect PC
but mp me higher education ke liye aap ke pas kya pllaning hai
HBD FARHAN and more bday to come . GOD BLESS U and your whole family and friends .
You are substance , love to see you as you are .
Hey Virat you Look Awesome , Great to hear , Success should be with you always , go on , keep doing .. . Today here in US Indian news channel Head Line and Hot news was about you , what is that ? Come on dear your First Girl Friend should be your """""""""" BAT """""""""" .. .
He makes me fall for him again nd again !! @Cristiano I love u !! #UCL #RealMadrid 😘😘😘😘😘
Hello , my name is Henson Lorde and I 'm originally from Scarborough , Ontario .. .. PRIYANKA """""""""""""""""""""" QUEEN OF DIAMONDS """""""""""""""""""""" CHOPRA .. .. . In 2017 you are going to pack your bags because you are going to Toronto , Ontario to go to work for season three of """""""""""""""""""""" QUANTICO """""""""""""""""""""" that will be filmed in Downtown Toronto and whenever you are finish working on an episode can I stop by and give you a hug and a kiss before I give you something nice to wear around your neck .. .. please ?
Dear PM Sir , Why happens only in India : 1 . Opposition parties can not show the respect to PM while giving statements , 2 . Opposition do politics over matter of National Securities like Surgical Strikes recently , 3 . Media always discuss the matters of National Security , 4 . Hate politics , leg pulling politics .. all the time , 5 . Indian media can not do positive journalism .. . Always crime .. hate politics or bad side of India .. . 6 . For the sake of Entertainment producers are making nonsense films only bad image of Indian culture like sex based films .. Why this happening again n again and govt does not have any control to save our culture .. . Not happy .. .
@IAmJericho Jericho Rocks 😘
lekin aaj ye modi usi soowar ke saath khada najar aa raha hai
Love you bhaijan I 'm super jabar biggest fan love you . One chance bhaijan plis plis help me
Hai merit Jan tuj pa dil kurba
Lesser the human interaction , more happier you 'll be .
Bhai u r awasom
Can we made those missile in our india
Dear prime minister . Plz refund my lands in village neknur dist beed maharashtra . Badroddin s/o yousufoddin resident neknur Applicant . Khusroddin s/o badroddin Virasat file 2123(111)89 Register serial no . 11 SDM beed . Plz
their is huge anger in indians against congress
for those who think that such physique can n't be made .. .. kabhi aam aadmi ki life jee ke dekho .. .. and yes you can check my profile pics .. . got some surprise .. .
@Sootradhar @sharmilagharpur The world is admiring modi ji s stand on China . Standing upto a bully and that too diplomatically .
close yourself with your kutta in your toilet for one day .. . pblm solve
He is here for watching , bilateral matches going on between Indian and new Zealand
AAPKA BHI SIR .. . <3 ILU <3
Actor achha h .. no doubt .. . bt gaddar h .. jis desh m naam kmaya usike khilaf bolta h .. . eise Knsa desh jane wala tha ye .. .
Nautanki wali nautanki hee karegi .. . Have shame anushka sharma . Naam mei SHARMA , but you are full of non veg fan
Hi Aamir how r you doing ? hope fantastic . You r my biggest fan . You r my idol for everything . I hope one day i can meet you shakes hand n hug .. . take care god bless you always . .. Love you . ..
Same too you sir ji
Current time in Hawaii is Tue , 26 Sep 2017 08:09:05
@drmdelhi @RailMinIndia @kashish181980 @drmlko25 @IR_ENHM matter forwarded to @SRDME_CW_NR_LKO
Meri man phle B . Sc wali job k maze le 1yr thn gv MAT n thn MBA mene b yahi kia
Virat se fazool batsman dunya me naheen ha pagalha virat aur usse apne oopar gharroor he na kaam ka na kaaj ka dushman anaaj ka india murdabaad pakistan zindabaad shahid afridi zindabaad
Stefanie die braucht keine Tasche von Kors , die nimmt sich ihn gleich mit ;-)
THINK .. . SULTAN ka song JAG GHOOMAIYA ARIJIT SINGH se nahi gaane se MOVIE ka bussiness 40-50cr . kam hoga . arijit singh ke fan yeh movie nhi dekhenge or arijit singh ke fan kitne h aap sab jante h .. .
Hamare pm ko diwali ki dher sari subhkamnaye pm ji jio hajaro sal sal ke din ho 5000000 sal
Nxt is ADITYA KHADSE .
Bhai u r great man
@thefield_in @fni @IndianFootball @IndiaSports Hahahaha .. .. . please do your homework properly before blaming clubs and academies
Man this guy Hazard
@SahilRiz @RootKanal Finally 😂😂😂😂
<3 <3 <3
hi rancho good to see you image . i hope i can see you in personal
Happy birthday to u big B . Loho pronam
@luv_datta @Luttapi2 @inclusivemind @HardikPatel_ @OfficeOfRG @KPadmaRani1 @SimmiAhuja_ @realkeerthi @neena_zeba Sorry Rajiv death typo
@ChampionsLeague That was pure class .. what a strike
sabko khane ki bhuuk hai aur mere virat bhai ko run ki keep it up bro rabb se bass yeh hi duaa karunga aap aise hi khelte raho
mane behad dukhad ghatna bhagwan unki aatma ko shanti de
@CNNnews18 And some dumb untalented actress will attempt to play this real life hero on screen
@mathewi Interesting to see this on the day Vox announces big changes , including increase in video ( not necessarily a pivot ) .
jitna jyada kichad uchhlega , kamal utna hi khilega /\
so jao du students itni mehnat mat karo warna top kar jaoge .
@BJP4India Jai hind
Sun le ra beta pakistan baap hai tera hindustan . Virat is no . 1 in the world . Virat is father of all teams . He is the master . Who said sachin is retired from cricket . He is back . Virat is real champion in world cricket . #Jai virat #jai india .. .
@VMware ITIL foundation v3 ..
As soon as U.S.I . ( United States India ) I mean vallarasu India modiji period
poocho na kesay may ne rain bitayee
please , priyanka chopra , all facebook users looking your body and your method . this is disgraceful .
The people who say that captain cool is lucky are totally out of there mind . It is very tough to make 183 and 224 individually . You all say that he is lucky , luck does n't support you to make 15 runs in an over with one wicket left in finals , luck does n't support you when a team is needed 12 in 4 at Melbourne against Australia . All you say him that he is lucky , luck does n't support you for continuous 10 years . We are honoured to have such a great captain .
Amit sir aap andhe ko aaina dhikha Rahe Hai .. .. .. ..
One of the most indecisive Prime Minister of India ever .
@yooday What movie is this ?
kuch bat hai rahulji aap me
I love you , everytime I watch piku reminds of my father .
Cricket News : Dunedin : World Cup Kay Match Main Sri Lanka Nay Afghanistan Ko 4 Wickets Say Hara Diya , Mahela Jayawardene Nay 100 Runs Banaye
Mr pm i am proud of you .. .
Apki is ada p to sari ladkiya fida h virat , I love to see u to be part of save girl campaign , lots of fan u have and I m one of them ,,,, love u virat
Harami New Zealand this assholes stopped and voted against us for NSG
Modi sir , with due respect , no other country except Russia has got emotional bonding with India . let it be any reason or alliance , Russia has stood by India always . USA is opportunist and thats why as Mr Putin is here today and USA has not supported the campaign of declaring Pakistan a terrorist state .
U r great Mr modi it 's not about ur work dedication .. but like ur spirit to live like a young boy u have a charm towards life that 's why U r best Pm of India.at this point of time .. . Jai Hind
Sir birthday m aapne cake cut kiya ya laddu pere distribute kiye
We are not liveing in side of the home
MODI WE NEED TO HAVE RESERVATIONS FOR HEIRS OF PRESIDENT , VICE- PRESIDENT , PRIME MINISTER , MP , MLA , MLC , CHIEF MINISTER , GOVERNOR , LT GOVERNOR , MINISTERS , BUREAUCRATS , DEFENCE FORCES & PARA MILITARY OFFICERS OF RANK LT COL / COMMANDANT AND ABOVE [ AS THEY NEVER GO FOR CI OR WAR BUT PLAN DEATH OF MARTYRS ] , JUDGES OF HIGH COURT AND ABOVE TO 100 % . THIS WILL HELP ALL THESE DEPRIVED AND MINORITY AN OPPORTUNITY IN STEALING ASSETS AND WEALTH OF INDIA .
There are two things the opponent fears about ,, while playing wid u 1 . Your style and aggresion on the field 2 . Remaining fear obviously ur batting !!
Danny Coming On
I remember this scene , its very funny , namaste aamir bhay .. i 'm from indonesia
#217 : One of our wingies was a stud and somehow managed to patao some new bandi every few months . He used to bring her to his room in H8/B2R and they would close the door and play loud music . Without their knowledge , the rest of us would try to take turns peeking in from above the door ( the mosqui net ) . Bastard later boarded up that peeping spot .
Jokes , Thougts and Shayri Zone Do dost bahut time baad mile dono ki shadi ho chuki thi 1st- tumhari patni kaisi hai 2nd- ekdum jannat ki pari hai yar .. .. Or tumhari wife kaisi hai 1st-wo to .. . Continue reading .. .
Kohli ja dadi e to ktba le . or khel pe dyan de modling nhi h ye.ye cricket . Jaise sehwag khelta tha vaise khela kr Uske jaisa koi khel nhi sakta .
Virat is the biggest match winner for a India . In test Odi or t-20 . Red ball or white ball . In coloured jursey . In day game or day night game . Virat never fails to Scoring the runs . I support always Kohli and India . Virat is the World best batsman in corrent time . He is run machine also great chasing Run machine
are results ko chod ... admsn to hua nhi abhi tak ... cut off batani h to bta de
Yes lovely lovely poster ! :) Nice to hear from u . So much negativity and confusing chaos around on social media nowadays .. Intelligent , clear and balanced thoughts expressed on Aap ki Adalat was a huge relief .. Why do n't u restart blogging , Aamir ? People do seem to need long explanations to understand facts ..
Desh or peechey jaa raha hai kyun ki aisa sammaylen kahi nahi dekha hai jisme koi party aaney chunao chinh ka prachaar kr rahi ho kya baat hai modi ji Kamal ka phool yaha bhi arey back ground me lagana hi tha to APJ , ABDUL KALAAM SAHEB KI PHOTO LAGA DETE sach me india ki vaat laga dogey modi ji barda afsoos hota hai kya hoga mere desh ka aap k jaatey jaatey AB INDIA KO YOUNG PM CHAHIYE
A boy was born who had Indian , Chinese , Irish and Italian grandmothers . They could n't decide on a name for him . Then it hit them .. . : The …
V luv u Mr Modi jee .. You let the whole Nation feel proud .. You look alike with him a pure together two dynamic personality .. . Thanks a ton for putting the Nation forward .. .
najre dekhti rhti hai unhe
@realDonaldTrump @UN @nikkihaley Being more responsible while tweeting and during speeches will make you much better president .
pc <3 <3 <3 my jaan : -* : -*
@NewEverestNew @Gotham3 They do n't know what is ayurveda , very few have left who have in-depth knowledge
bhaJI 5-0 AGANIST NEWZELAND AND WE WANT OUR ODI RANKING TO NUMBER 1 TOOOOO
modi ji ko namo namo
@BJP4India Do n't fool ppl . Indian economy is in doldrums . U ppl will realize this in 2019 . Till then live in fool 's paradise . @narendramodi
#265 : My brother & I , we both are here in IITB . He never tells me about his grades and courses or how many problems he has faced in IITB but I just want to tell him whatever are your grades ... better then mine or not ... I will always respect you ... You are my inspiration in life and you are the most hardworking person I've ever seen in my life after our father .. :)
Virat bro I just love your bating so play and make many record for India .. .. ..
Class apart & great personality who always speaks his mind fearlessly , Salim saab !
@RailMinIndia Why railway is wasting passengers time if not able to handle properly .
sir u r right sir
Sir ap . mera ghR ay ga to mera ghar selll go jyaga or ma sons beta ka sapna pura kar Lithia padosi ghar ko right price ma Boland NAHI da raha pls help me
Employees stay when they are : 1 . Paid well 2 . Mentored 3 . Challenged 4 . Promoted 5 . Involved 6 . Appreciated 7 . On a mission 8 . Empowered 9 .…
Virat has bcm sachin of team india .. . Very bad situation for team india .. . Whole team is showing dependency only on one man .. . If he scores run than team wins otherwise defeat is evident .. . 2 losses in the ongoing series is a grt example .
Very good perfomance for virat kohli and Hardik pandya virat is the best batsman , captain and filder virat virat virat aur dushra koi nhi but ashwin bahut hi khartanak gedbaaz ke rup me ubhar rhe hain
u r the best player in the world . u great cricketer in the world . Main v aapki tra mahnat kr kr aapki tra Khelana chahta Hun sir
Only captain in the world to win all the ICC Trophies #Respect
are sabko modi jacket pehna di !! Gr8 work by sir Modi ji !! Batao koi kar paya aaj tak !! Jaisa des waisa bhes sach kar dikhaya Humare PM modi ne !!
Because this guy had a political support , he was set free . He should be sentenced to death . But it 's useless thinking all this because of such dirty politics . I thereby request modiji to look into this matter very carefully
@jperkovic93 That 's why he is seen as 🐐
Superb . Y ar all rounder . Today yr speech was excellent . And we ar proud of u . And all with u . Jai Hind
Bhai sa nice che
Sar 10000000 mai ek hai
Hello boss kaisa ho aap ? I am from Bangladesh .. .
Good morning dadu I miss u
U are just great sir .. ! An inspirational personality !!
Salman sir plz ek baar Meri baat sun lijiye Shayad aap hi kuch Kar sakte hai mere liye I need ur help sir Plz help me
If one lock can be opened by many keys , it's called a shitty lock ... but if one key opens many locks it's called a MASTER KEY haha !! :P
in white jursey . In coloured jursey . In day game . In day night game . Red ball white ball or green ball . Virat kohli never stop to scoring the runs . 2016 means 2 0 16 = 18 lucky year and lucky no . Kohli never stop this year . world best batsman all format of the game . Virat kohli may be this year cross 200 runs This year special kohli year .
It 's a request @NakuulMehta whenever you wear black Kindly Make some one to click your pics . Plz
5 mintat 1000 se b Jada like or 111 comments
Sameer Pandit Harmeet Singh Sumit Kumar : londo maine bhi gym strt kar diya h .. .. thode din m aisi hi pic upload krega tumhara bhai bhi :P :P
What a lovely picture of kinship and just pure laughter . Happy birthday Madhavan !
@The_Lie_Lama Shows how practical are you !
@arjunk26 Go with the flow .. .. .. ..
zindagi kaisi hai paheli kabhi yeh hansaye kabhi yeh rulaye rip
I love u so much ji
It comes with Strong Conviction .. .. n that smile give good kick .
We need strong tie up with Russia because it is trust-able friend to US .
seriously yr divya m proud of u har ladki teri jaisi ho jaye toh koi kuvh bol he nhi skta
Urvashi I realy love het .. ..
#220 : My girlfriend has a weird fetish , she likes to dress up like herself but acts like a complete bitch . It should ideally be the other way round ...
Respected PM ji kindly break all relation with pak govt . Even embassy should be shut . This should continue till they forget our kashmir ! Pls . pls . Only u can take this decision .
Me : What 's your 2am song ? She : * Brought a candle * 🎶 mere mehboob na ja , aaj ki raat na ja 🎶 Me : * faints *
@Akshay_Brigade @cheppanugara @KumarrPrasanna @saikiran1215 @ARMurugadoss He is one who hv been fucked by ajay twice
Batting line up is depending on you to score . If you ai n't scoring , we do n't have no chance .
Kuchh bhi kaho kurta jacket me ye budhau bada handsome lagta hai .. .
Aapko luck nahi aggression ki jarurat hai aap odi me accha score karange
@tushnemma @Varun_dvn Thankyou so much bhai !
Oye hoye balle balle .... 💯 with a 4 ! @SDhawan25 #IndvsSA
ha ha ha :D ultimate confession !!!
Kaash I will meet u someday When that day come true , It will be the best beautiful moment in my life Lots of love from Africa ♥♥♥♥
sheila is the brst cm among all
Wonderful priyanka i am biggest fan of u such a strong women u r . U r madrid performens superb . Indian desi girl one an only priyanka chopra .
sasta h Virat sir ap ki waich tikau time ?
2-but there is also power which rests with the one who benefits from patriarchy . #consent #MahmoodFarooqui #feminism
bhagwan esi gf sb ko de .. par start mjhse kre :p
We love modi sir .. .. .. .
I guess this is the first and the last time in history dat u r not focussing towards camera .. .. . i m sure dere must be another photographer where u r watching '' )))
#PFIHateFiles inspite of ban by Court hw cm de kpt operating in kerala it shws d links r dp rooted sm whr , Cntrl Govt shd tk nte of it & act
Dear Hamid Ansari , SRK and Amir Khan please go to Myanmar and tell Rohingyas that India is not a safe place for Muslims . #RohingyaHafizLink
never seen such a class a player can posses .. . his zeal and zeast towards the game .. . his professionalism and enthusiasam with which he plays his every match .. . his perfect and stylish batting .. . everything he does is so amazing .. . India is so lucky to have a guy like Kohli in thier ranks .. . India is invincible till he plays the game for light blue shirts .. .. hail him Indians .. .. , Respect from Pakistan
If I do my webmaster and SEO job correctly also I get help from my friends , I might be able to make this site a big thing in competition .
God Bless You Sir .
Your life is amazing although I admit you have to work very hard and spend hours on planes .
Pleeeeeeeaaaaaseeeeeee meeeet meee also love you
Congrats on #Sultan ' s success bhai , 142 +cr in 4 Days , will cross 180+cr in weekend , Awesome
@SparklinGuy @Sairee @cellyberiT @ankurnow @MerrilD Thank you sir .
Jolly Shaw accha laga turupatti ka Darsan lekar Thanks
' R 'ythm 🎼 ' A 'nd ' P 'oetry✍🎤 #RAP 🤘🎧
Kabaddi is in India 's blood
@riteshagar with a social cause of free education and women safety on 28th 29th 30th we are looking is association of oyo in the event .
jaise mera kaa bhagwan sri krishan se prem jo raag rahit chinmyah prem ki anubhuti h ,
Mr N Modi is a fabulous Prime Minister for India , who has a great sense of forward thinking while leading our nation to real prosperity .. .
Great work for our country enhancement of our older relationship between two countries
If u do n't like dhoni then u can dislike his page but u can n't abuse him . good day and bad day comes in every person life but u can n't forget his contribution in Indian cricket . if u do n't like him then OK but if u abuse him then 1st think about u what u have achieved in your life
It will help India and world to fight global warming
Modi sarkar ka bura hal sahi parti kangresh parti jindabad Garibo ka kaam aneey vali parti jindabad
I will have my version of this someday
@AditiMallya @binalkalaria Non konks do n't get why it 's acceptable for mum to say to kid - tugel gandi hapla peet .
.. . looks like anybody but a cricketer .. .. Whatever happened to old times decor .. .. He may be making lots of runs .. .. lots of millions .. .. Apologies if I have offended any one ..
#233 : I'm a freshie from IITM . You guys have a really slick and well edited page ... Everything is high quality here ... not like the crap we see on other confessions pages ... Of all the desi college confessions sites I like this one the most , keep up the good work ! Here is another reason I wish I went to IITB instead if ending up in this maddu dump .
#333 : I have peed in the SAC swimming pool several times after realizing that a lot of swimmers do it too ...
nhi chali h aisa koi diya Jo bhujha sake seniko k parivaro k ansu nhi h aisa koi ujyala Jo LA sake unke gharo m khusi phr chahe vo kitna nhi kyu n
Essam Ali Fawad Aly check kr this is amir khan and iss ko body bolte hain what a professional and hard worker he is .. . ;)
@EAMaddenMobile fix android simulators
Its always unhealthly to put up weight and then loose weight as randeep hooda said .. -all its matter .. stay fit and stay healthy .. yeh sab movie ke liye hoata hai .. inko ruppee nahi mile , shuharat nahi mille toh yeh karege .. never .. . so donmt show your workout ..
Sir arjit sir ko maf kardo na jagghumiya ki train to chutgayee sir dusare train me rakho sir arjit sir ko
Hey , 12 years ago I was on campus , was a super senior even back then , so I knew a lot of campusites ... maybe we even met ! ~ Ed
rahul my grand father and grand mother , father were prime ministers
Hey friends do n't miss and totally excitement to enjoy this amazing event today #FIFATrophyExperience @bankofbaroda
Give a girl the right Salon & She will confidently conquer the city #hibiscussalon #salonservice #delhi #pitampura #rohini #crowneplaza
masha Allah good job my hero .. .
@kp1200 Fresh as a daisy
bhai yaaku batting krwa bi sikha thodo bht .. . jse emergency me kaam aaye
Very exited For Tomorrow Match 😎😎😎 I am Not Player But I will play the game in my mind 😃 .. .. I Hope India Will Win Jai Hind .. .. . 🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳
hi saar good bay
@JioCare @skdevil17 dint take jio phone bcz read the terms and conditions of jio phone carefully before taking it
Happy birthday . amit ji . Aap itne mahan kaise bne .
Narendra Modi Ji , you must take very intense actions to make India number 1 nation in the world . Where every single person is very happy , properous & all of his heart desirous are completely fulfilled . Where India is the nation where ministers are super duper performing , honest , dedicated & hardworking & are building their cities , town & states under your leadership & where you are building the whole India . India must be the nation which must be number 1 in everything & in technology it must be number 1 in the world . Where India is developing world class technologies at the rapid pace . Only & only you can do it sir & i do not believe anyone in the past or future will be able to do it if you are not . please hurry up the process .
Pm modi suno ap hamare majhab ke bare me ap hote koun hai bolne wale ap sirf india ke bare soche to behter hoga islam hamara majhab hai aur rahega islam koi qafir ke kehne se nahi badal sakta sirf allah h hamara dnt talk to my majhab ok sir
Bola tha 100 lgega .. . ma aaj bhut khush hu .. . god bless run machine kohli
Happy Birthday Amitabh ji
I hope the relation between Bharat & New Zeeland will be Strong & long term in all strategic & Commercial Areas .
Agar govt ek baar acche khase bhikahriyo ko Iphone free me bant de to ... India ki bahut saare log chutiya ban ne bach jayenge .. jo sirf naam ke karan phone kharidte h . .
I with sallu bhai and manish
Sab dikhava karta hai Sala murderer
Breaking_News / Mehar Madina Colony me Daketi ki wardat Dr Ilahi ke Relative se Motor cycle cheen ker Farar / Zarai Rpt . MIR GORAR
Thanks for sharing your treasured moments with us , dear Priyanka . <3 :-) Looking very preety and ravishing as always . :-) Good night . :-) Wishing you a very pleasant and peaceful night full of sweet dreams . <3 :-) Take care , always stay well and try your best to keep all you know , well . <3 :-) Sending you best wishes full of love and joy , of this beautiful night time . :-) <3 God Bless .
Geeta phogat k cherecter ne bahut hi achha work kiya hai iss movie k andar , shoot pe jab itna achha lga Aamir sir ka act dekh kar , to movie to 500 cr . club me jayegi hi .. .. All the best Team Aamir khan production .
Sir Narendra Modi Ji , as what matters is the performance of the people who are sitting in the government , as performance of the single individual , company etc does not matter at all . As what matters is that every single buerocat , government employee , MP , MLA , Minister & CM etc must be honest , dedicated , high performing , caring etc only & only then we can make India . As Government covers everything so what is required is that we to need make a system which is flexible & customizable like every CM , MLA , MP , government employee must come under this system but this system must be flexible & customizable also like a system which will work in Punjab might not work in kerala or Kashmir . So what is required is that a root system that needs to be developed in everything which must be the backbone & then that system on front end must be customizable so that we can implement that very same system everywhere with flexibility . Making , Devlopment & implementation of the system which is flexible & customizable is very must in everything .
salman ji m ur big fan
Mayur ji Amitabh garam masala n . marshal me nahi the .
Bhaijaan plz ek reply
In an interview Rajkumar Hirani was asked how he came up with the dialogue """" Dost fail hota hai toh dukh hota hai , Par dost agar 1st aaye to bohut dukh hota hai .. He replied by saying """" observation """" <3
hy bhai lop u
Well done .. . Keep it up
Omg I remember him I met him 15 yrs ago at film city in Mumbai , he was such a nice man used to lov watching his Zee horror shows .. .. .. .. . RIP !
zindagi kaisi hey paheli very sad
Oh man ! I 've been so wanting to see u on Ellen show ! So freaking excited ! This is damn good . U just added a feature in your cap . Cheers !! #PriyankaonEllen
Many times we were unable to recognise that whether is it Sushant sir or Dhoni sir :) .. . film dekhne ke baad mai apna dil theatre me hi bhul aaya hu isliye aaj ek baar aur theatre gaya use wapas lene ;) . People who thought that whatever Dhoni did was only his LUCK .. . unhe film dekhne ke baad ye pta chl gya hoga ki kismat ne Dhoni ko kitna rulaya hai :( . .. . can n't forget d conversation ; ( 13 Feb 2006 ) She : kl valentine 's day hai Mahi , blo kya lu tumhare liye ? MSD : Mai valentine-falentine nhi manta . . . MSD : Ek ghadi le lena sasta , sundar , tikau type ka . . .. . and 14 Feb was that worst day ;(
You should try whatever may be the consequence . Go tell her that you love her .
Nice line dr super duper megastar mahanayak amit sir ji ko payar bhara prnaam .. . shubhprbhaat .
Musalim hona kya gunah hey jo aap aur baki muslim bollywood star ye kehte hey hum aadhe muslim aur aadhe hindu hey . aap jo ho aap ke kaam ke wajeh se naki cast ke wajeh se tho q aise bate bolke baki muslim nojawano ko gumrah kar rahe ho . aap tho haji ka laqab rakhte ho kya yaao moulana tariq jameel sahab se kuch sikho aur hume bhi sikhao .
Dear sir , why not we are able to resolve traffic jam solutions ? Is there any way to resolve this problem because it 's very serious things . I hope we will get into realty in very soon .
Nice look Virat Kohli .. . I am a great fan of yours and u have always been my role model .. The fighting spirit you have is truly appreciable ..
That 's some alternate kit wow !
@Sammy_Goal Sane de bruyne stones and fernandinho ( maybe delph too ) were the pick of the lot
hi my big brother amitabh bachchan good evening you and congratulations to you my big brother and shabbat shalom to u and happy friday to you and yours family with lotes of love joy and happy nace to all of you and very very best . wishess to all of you my big brother and to all of you with lotes of love from levy ramrajkar
jay mata di sir ji
Hi Aamir ! My name is Aylin , I 'm your big very big fan of yours . I 've watched all your movies and they 're all beautiful . A separate exciting every movie . The messages come to life a lesson I guess . I love you very , very much . You are my biggest Idol . Please do n't forget to come to the UK and answer me .! I love you very , very much . Please take care of yourself . Do n't forget to give me an answer !
Proud on this event happening in India . Hope this will make stronger relationship and partnership between all members of BRICS . Looking for best come out from this event .
Do one thing modiji your full time give to meeting someone or going to visit other countries , do n't see Indian rural areas y means rurals are not forince .. .
#BREAKING Senate Republicans pull plug on latest Obamacare repeal bid say US lawmakers
ironically it helps !
Grt , much desired , der aaye durust aaye .. ..
totally agree with you , light brings a positive energy within
Happy birthday amit ji
Sir apke watch very nice
uff .. Text me girls n ladies for enjoying .. scrt prsnl howtt wlLd naughty Fun .. !! ! z
jo karna jaldi karna varna koi or uda k le jayega tumhari dream girl ko . Gud luck .
Kuch iss world ke liye bhi ker jayo . five six years ke baad tum bhi Manoj kumar ji , Dharmendra ji aur Amitab ji ki tarah chief guest ban ker jaya karoge . Meri story ka jawab iss liye nahi de rehe ki tumhe Oscar award se darr lagta hai . At least give answer to me .
What a coincidence NZ Is also in Ind for Cricket and diplomacy
Sallu bhai i am ur big fan :) ;)
I missed nataji subhash Chandra Bose when I see u sir @ modi U r the inspiration of ours . I am from west bengal . There r TMCP in ruling party . we need BJP here sir .
Sir u really great man mera 29years age m app jaise PM nehi dekha 24hrs u are plaing to how to growth our country .. . omg kya work m dedicated I love so much .. . advance happy Diwali sir .. ..
@manabhardwaj @DelhiPolice Yes great job by PCR .
Love you sir .. . you are the best .. and sir please take some rest for your health you arr very very valuable to mothet India
Love you bro best player and I 'm learn so mush for you batting skill & specially your #cover drive i love your #cover drive forever #Muhammad Ayan Ali from Narowal , #Pakistan
@alokpi Na . Same pinch for jimmiki . Have n't heard despacito yet . You 're not dead . Merely more creative .
I MIsS U amIt JI My love and my passion and my life I wish you all the love and happiness and health
Bumrah Bhai thodi bhut batting bhi seekh lo .. . Kabhi kabhi kaam aa jati hai match jeetane me
@adiemantium .. .. .. happened ?
@cellyberiT @smietaarb @SHEROESIndia @Sairee @ankurnow @vikramadhiman Thank you ! :)
go ahead :P
Salman tum meri sath esa karoge Allah hain main Allah ko vishwaas karti hu pyar bhi karti hu Allah hi meri pas tumhe bheje ge .. Salman pls meri sath esa mat karo plss .. Tumhe thoda bhi taras nehi aata mujh ma .
Speak 5 lines to yourself every morning : 1 . I m the best . 2 . I can do it . 3 . God is always with me . 4 . I m a winner . 5 . Today is my day . #GM
What a loss !!! :(
@Sulci_Gyri Sad . But 20 years ago , she would 've been a mortality at home .
Mera best captain & my brother ye 20 apun jitna chahiye
@ladyincognito94 Do you even know the meaning of petite .. Asshole !
OUR SMART & KARMATH PARDHAN MANTRI
Amithab hi wish you a happy birthday to you sir , aap world ever green star koi nahee high aapka mokabila
Hello mr aamer khan want to see you sir and hug you and kiss you and tell you that your so hot
Hey PM me & I can connect to a relevant contact based on your interests
@shreya_080 @suparna99 @fan_mohit I know .. . I enjoy those gossips too 😉😂😂
cry cry itna cry krtae ho kaiko ... har pal rtae kaaiko !!!
@SmitaM7 The tickets were cancelled on 22nd Aug itself upon receiving the initial cancellation request . Conversation with sales person is
@TheTideAustin follow me
Great Russian proverb . """""""""""""""""""""" One Old friend is better then two new friends """""""""""""""""""""" !! !! Taliban and Pakistan want to be new friends of Russia . but , Russian know old one is better .
salman khan rayeh visiting egypt matti
AK match jitne nhi doge to wohh aur khelne hi nhi ayega .. Acha Kiya AK mtch jita die .. .
Well done . Go ahead .
@Nanired39827825 hahaha extraordinary twist will blow ur brain ani vestha
Chal ab test Lena band ker jo America ke saath kiya tha .. ab mujhe bhejne ki taiyari kar chal .. tab se test le raha harammiii kam se bol rahe hai hmko ni rehna yeha ni rehna yeha .. samnajh mei nahi aa raha tujhe .. tab se bhokh rahe .. zabradsti ka test liye jaa raha tu .. maan nahi raha tu ki hm yeha tukhte hai .. tujhe laat maar ke samjhau Kya ki hm thukhte hai yeha pe .. ab maan le is baat ko aur test Lena band ker .. chal hm yeha nahi rehna chhate .. mere jaane ki taiyari ker tu ab chai wala .. Wo galti mat ker jo tune America ke saath kiya tha .. chal ab Dollars wapas ker de uska baniya chai wala haramkhor .. aur ab ek jegah tikk jaa aur is baat ko maan le accept ker le ki hm yeha nahi rehna chhate samjh aaayaa ..
When u start new season of SATYAMEV JAYTE pls u take a topic of truck transporter pblm when our truck accident police tell us its all mistake of us
jan in sir k upr yalow shart pr dark bruwn print kitna achcha lagega guddu lagra yar tum call zarur kr dena ok imiss u ilove u muh a
I call him Mamaji mama being the Tamil word for uncle and ji being a suffix used in India to indicate respect and affection !
Back in form ! ❤ ️ CRISTIANO RONALDO #HalaMadrid 🙌🏼 #RMUCL
Thats what I do , I drink and I know things .. . 😂 #favorite #dialogue #GameOfThrones
It
Dortmund having more control and balance since the Weigl and Dalhoud introduction .
Its a gr8 opportunity ... Take a month(or more ) off from work and go sight-seeing random places ... Not touristy destinations ... But quaint , tucked away patches of paradise ! It'll make U realize how beautiful the world is and how Foopid your ex is !
@ugramveeram123 @TarekFatah Good nyt .. .. T.c
I think he just wants to discharge some sort of bodily fluid in your presence ... And tear-ducts seem to be culturally-permissible in your opinion . . IMHO That's what it boils down to !
Hse .. , bapu .. valida no vatt pde chhe ho k .. . narendra modi amar rho .. .
happy birthday sir sunday ko sir me bhi tha apko wis karne k liye aya tha
@kritisanon @SatyaniJ Yes navratri time
Kaint personality . modi g .. nale I wanna meet u
bhai phle use dhund to le impress b kr lio .. . . ye delhi h teri colony thodi h jo wo ab milegi ... tjhe ky lgta h wo vhi wt kr ri h tera tu jaega or impress kr lega use ... ky ho yr tm log
I Wonder who it is ? :-P do i get beer and pizza as well m2k ?
love the way you explain things , bachchan sir
tell him u got screwed while being drunk ! and leave the rest to him .
So nice so beautiful all madam and sir
#222 [ M2K ]: In my 5th and 6th year I purposely used to attend midsems and endsems for courses I never registered for , then I used to turn in the test 30 minutes early to freak out those muggus and nbdus who were actually in the course . Yup , I'm going to hell .
Yr tm nahi chalte to teem haar jati hai boss yesa na karo ruk ke khelo
don't give wrong commitment pls
@Babu_Bhaiyaa and tweets will go up as you can see
people go crazy about your persona .. .. .. .. .. . the whole BHARAT that u carry and represent .. .. .. .. .. .. COMMENDABLE .. .. .. .. .. .. . thousand salutes can n't even weigh this .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. ..
toh seedhe bol de yaar usko .. achha lagega use .. confess karne ki alag hi chul machi hoti hain sala
Thank you . Shanshag ji
Virat ji apki hathon me to jadu hai par mera ek dukh abhibi hai ki RCB Jab IPL Main har gaya please nxt IPL jaise app ki team ki nam hoo .. .
Akash Vats Bhai lets play
Sumamente talentoso !! ! Admiro su trabajo . Gracias por tan enorme talento compartido al mundo
ARE MERA BRO GERAT , SMART , & supar smart h us k jesa koe nahi bro muje bhi bula lo apane pass
Dekh yar reservatn se cast system ko aur badhawa milta h ... jise pehle ni jante k kaunsi cast ka h , sath uthte baithte , khate hain but jub admsn ka time ata h u knw what happens ... mentality apne ap change ho jati h general wale ki .. koi mane ya na mane this is what I feel
this is funny '' come back if you dont have a bf '' . dude you need to give it a thought that why u cant imagine them having sex .
@PMOIndia @FinMinIndia @arunjaitley @LabourMinistry @santoshgangwar @FederalBankLtd even federal bank has no more services like others banks
@doctorakerkar Very useful update
Happy birthday to you sir ji advanced
Sir greT fan of yours .. .. . assam is famous for one horned rhino .. .. you hv visited assam in 2013 .. . leking rhino poaching bht barh gaya hai .. .. . people like you is needed to raise this issue .. .. . pls sir also raise awareness programme for the safety of one horned assam rhino .. . thanks and best of luck for your future
hlo frds babita here tarak mehta ka ooltah chasma se keseo aap sabi
I like it sania murza
Is dat Bunty Sajdeh wid #Viratkohli
Dhany hai Hamare Priye Damdar Great Prime Ministar Shri Narendra Modi ji Vikas ki Majbut sarkar Bjp sarkar sab ka sath aur Sab ka Vikas Kar rahe hai Hamare Priye Damdar Great Prime Ministar Shri Narendra Modi ji
@MadnessMultiple This scene 😍😍
i want to participate in kbc sir pls call me 09838709391
@Juhi96 ha to do SLEEP n hugs n kisses GET WELL SOON !
aamir khab love you man . dangal definitely create a history . duniya hila doge tum .
@NiazDiary Hey please appreciate the hardwork put in and share the link of the interview rather than cutting out bits #Request
lovely pic virat .. .! !! i , m dia heart fan yours #virat
Aa gaya mauka ... India won .. #IndvsSA
Hi sir kas main aapko ek baar dekh pata !! !! !!
I HAVE PROUD OF PM SIR MODI JI SAA .. .. .. .. .. .
Salman Teri tublight to sbse flop film hogi
Teri maa ki chuth madharchod
Leadership is what you need to learn next . ― Robert T . Kiyosaki #quote
Asalam u alikum Allah Pak aap ki madad krta rhe hmesha inshahAllah
Sir your movie is right I like you & salute you
@BrushUrTeeth_03 @ChapriPower 🙃🙃 thank youuuuu
Amadar halisahar kub muslim are hidu dar jamala voy6a but police or rpf mulim dar help kor6a are hindu dar bari puria dey6a . bari maya bow dar darja vanga mar6a amdar kono save nai . apni bolun amara ki korbo ? bari child daro mar6a india dariya Pakistan potka tulba bol6a police samna . amadar india k ki mulima vata tula deta hba naki ?
Waiting for the time when really LHS = RHS in this picture ! Though We are n't too far .
@Aamir Khan sir Now you are ready to give another shots .. . but sir do n't be discuss on point of india security or do n't be share family discussion with media .. . u said something and media thinking something .. . so sir during the promotion of movie be carefull sir .. i am middle class man .. i do n't have right to Give any suggestions to u .. but it 's true sir .. . thank you .. . jai hind .. proud to be Indian .. jai ho
It 's useless when India do n't want to use the weapon .. ..
We love uh Sir . U r my dream man . U r world 's best SKIPPER in all format of cricket . WORLD 'S BEST BATSMAN WORLD 'S BEST WICKET KEEPER WORLD 'S BEST FINISHER . U always cool . Ur running speed is very fast . U r the KING OF CRICKET in all format of Cricket . WE LOVE UH .. .. ..
sahi kaha aamir sir ladkiya ladko se kam nahi h dangal is blockbuster film hogi
A very noble initiative for our dear VIRAAT and his squad but when we are reaching the Mars at the same time such an initiative in our Country is really totally uncalled for
Hoo nice pc soo sweet jan . I love uuuuu
@josephmotafaram What depth ! I was not wrong when I called you Joseph of the Bible ! Thankyou for keeping me ever inspired , my friend !
Ye song sunte sunte kahi dub jati hu kahi bhawaname bahejati hu kitna sugund mile he ish songse mane ko thara song pasand aaya
@praktabh bahut badiya ... gali dene me PHD kie ho
@Muskurahateinn @ThatFilmyGirl BC ! I got none . Khud hi cheen ke laayi logo se . 😑
i hope virat kohli will score 100+ and win the finale .. .. best of luck Virat bhai
@MominaMustehsan @fifiharoon Congratulations 👏👍
Happy Diwali to you * The Godfather * .. .. .. yeh diwali sainiko wali .. . we love you .. .
@herlavishhustle And you will be the hottest bridesmaid
tuje moka ni mil rha to apna frustation is way me nikal rha h or koi kam ni h kya
Really lock mama Mia life is mama Mia
I 'm very proud of you sir .. . you are the one who can change the system
U r getting old Priyanka !! ! Get married have kids & experience life !! !
ye dil ki diwali hai . only adhm.no maar pit film
#300 : One of my wingmates was a maha nbdu and constantly mugging night and day . He even preferred mugging instead of fapping to porn . The wing decided to act decisively to end this incorrigible menace . One day during midsems this inhuman muggu started complaining of a headache as he had been mugging for 14 hours straight , and was upset that he can't keep mugging . This was the opportune moment we had been waiting for . I quickly substituted isabgol ( laxative ) into a Multi Vitamin formula capsule bottle and told him this will keep him alert throughout the night , and he should take 2 tablets every hour . The chootiya kept taking isabgol throughout the night and next morning he had to bunk the midsems because he was stuck in the bog jetting it all out ...
Malinga ki yaad aa gyi Boult ki pitayi dekh kr 22 runs in one over or malinga bhi 2013 me pita tha 22 run kohli ne mara tha
Jay ho Putin ki or narendarmodi ji ki
@bombaywallah case in point-nalanda university Rajgir Bihar No longer the international institution of academic excellence it set out to be
@Breathedreamgo @PeeSafe Plz send email to vb@redcliffehygiene.com
I want 7 pottasium cynade tablet aduancely .. . 7 is my lucky number .. Where is here :\ . Normal Die is better suicide . . Normal die means god judgement . Suicide means my judgement .. I like any matter in my judgement only .. . Which medacal shoap here that tablet . :v
Pakistan mai b open KRien #salmanbhai
Belive in God and Karma #Ethical conduct will lead you to bigger heights #LawOfAttraction #Quote #FlySmart #LadhakhFestival #Leh Calling
@TheDoublePivots Ramos hand ?
@bharath40 Thanks brother
movie me banaunga is story pr .. koi invstor hai toh bolo ???
@sbiINTOUCH Your Fazalpur , Patparganj Delhi branch has shifted to IP Extension . Has IFSC code also changed please ?
Salman You are the JAAN Only one BAIJAAN The BRAND AMBASSADOR of Entertainment and Humanity in Bollywood
Sat Shari akal ji . Singh Randhawa . Good evening .
Rohit dar of form chalrahahe . bechari aj lbw hogaya to dada may koyi chap nahi liya tum bhi hona dada may tumko ak nam derahahu tum Cricket missle man .
Nice god bless you
@ValaAfshar when you dodge the problem you loose an opportunity to know the solution .
Dhoni jaisa koi nahi
#BeingHumanClothing ContestAlert Participate in the #OneBigBill contest and stand a chance to meet #SalmanKhan
@mirnesa87 What kuch kuch 😂😂 how cute he is 😍😍 Love him ❤❤
Mashallah aamir khan aap ki movie ko dehk ti he hum ko jush aata pk movie ku dekh k ( ak to pk ) mashallah mashallah
mera ye msg shayad tumhe khuch karega agar khuch hote ho to plz ek baar mera naam lelena mann me ya tv pe haaaaaa bura laaga to mat lena me aaisi koi bhi cheez nahi chahata jo tumhe preshaan kre , meri ek bhabhi bhi hai usska naam anushka sharma hai me kabhi nahi anishka naam leta me bhabi he naam leta hu or tumhe bhaiiiiiiiiiiii hr naaam leta hu i l u bhaiiiiiiiii tumhara fav fan banumga dekh lena bhaiiiii
Love u sir .. abki bar #Tubelight #Sultan
@gurgaonpolice @dtptraffic who is responsible for Traffic jam at ambiance toll coming towards delhi from Gurgaon .
@kapoorashok25 Good night ashok jiiiii
Hello sir Ji .. . Good morning .. .
Ye to Palasia bhi Pahuch gaye .. bahut mast aur fast bhag rahe hai !! Badiya #Indore #RunIndoreRun #JioIndoreMarathon http://t.co/wBcI5uJiT1
@abpnewstv For the first time in life I felt like crying while listening kulgeet of BHU bcoz of this politics .. And proud fr values I hold
politician movie bna kaun wrong is dunyani
@OnePlus_IN It takes #180 days to create the Soft Gold Coat ;)
Sirf selfi uthaooo Plz cooperate dhoniii Akela dhoni match nehi jitapayega .. . Sabko milke khelna chahihaii samjhe kohil
Sir ji kya hal h aap k
#Happy_Janmashtami_Dhoni_Bhai May #Lord_krishna shows the light on your path and your family .. .. #East_or_west #Dhoni_is_best
Virat kohli is my favorite palayer virat you are brighter than the moon
#253 : [\\m/] I am the same person who wrote #242 . From now on I am planning to mention my selection of confessions in my resume . I don't have anything to write and next sem I would be sitting for placements . :D . . By the way , #231 was also from me ... and I was planning to hit that 4thie bitch hard ... Behanchod 4thie hoke freshie type chutiyap karta hai .
#269 : I am a girl from Vasai , Mumbai . I have been searching for a guy named Ranjan since the past 2 years . I don't know anything about him though we met just once . He is a Bong and he visited Vasai in 2011 . If anyone knows him then please tag him ! He may be in the last year now , I'm not sure but I really want to find him !
Virat sar aap out ho jaate ho to india teem jeetri kyo nahi h agle match mean aap out nahi hona jita ke hi ana
U r so cut
Mr Aamir , Youtube ' I watch the video to Turkey was told to come in June . But even if you come in July . We 're wondering when I arrived as Your fan . Thank you
tum mujhe dhoondh rahe ho aur me yaha kab se tumhar intezar kar raha hu
@politico YOU ARE IRAN ALLAH
Amitabh Bachchan is definitely a legend
Yaar ek ladki hai ! Haan ! Sachi ! Ek naya crush ! 💞 Aree yaar sachi ! Okay check out @ZaalimGF trailer This girl- @meprachimishra #gorgeous 👰
@gsforever22 I was there yesterday pehle batana tha na
@Son_of_Gman @AnthonyMingioni Take it easy on the Pepto .
Brilliant Answer By Boy Friend on Break Up … . Girl ; Tumhe Mere Jaisi Ladki Nahi Milegi . . . . . Boy ; Chill ... http://t.co/G6mF9fWFLQ
@Khalsa_Aid Please tell me how can I join you please tell me
Very nice h sir post
befitting reply to mere papa ko mara , meri dadi ko mara , mujhey palak acha nahi lagta , mujhey padai acha nahi lagti
Dumb sub from Klopp
Mr Modi .. Do n't outlook Russia please . we can n't blindly trust USA . Ever !
hot aj tu pora lun le gi mote ka
Sir me ek majdor parivar se hu meri hardik ichha thi ki me army join karu or bharat mata ki rakha karu na to mere pas pesssa h n hi koi kamai ka jariya h me apni bharat mata ki sefty kese karu
Jis tarah india ne toss jita ussi tarah match vi jit jyegi or worldcup vi
ye match se pakistan ko ye khushi hogi ki koi aur country bhi unki hi jaise buri tarah se haar sakta hai #IndvsSA
Hi virat ! I m intrested in cricket only becoz of u .. . U r amazing , talented .. . U r very good player as well as good lover .. .
@GautamGambhir @ICC Sir i want to play jpl what i do for it
We r proud of u .. .
Ideal director for superhero movies is a duo of Zack Snyder handling the action scenes and LITERALLY anyone else on the dramatic scenes
jab tak hai jaan janu sath hai sabhi apne dosti viewers ke sath GOD bless u all
near pari chowk to pee ?? ansal mei gyi thi kya ??
There is only one and only MSD .. .. No one can compete with him .. He is the best , marvelous outstanding awesome destructive dangerous mind-blowing cool charming intelligent splendid batsman and caption ! Agree ? Dhoni dhoni dhoni !
@Varun_dvn Couldnt click a selfie with you today in Ht city event but u were amazing 🌹 . Loved meeting you today !!
@kingmichael314 @City_Watch a lot of these players will play that game too and player Saturday as well
Very very qvin deapika nd sexy
@MajorPoonia @adgpi some bad ass Army Chief 😎😎😎 .. .. India needs it .. well said sir
Kya kabhi aap hamari comment read karte hai ?? ?? ?
@SpursOfficial @ChampionsLeague @HKane just a formality , is n't it ? we love you @HKane 😍😍😍
#DTD100Million congrats @zaynmalik 🙌🏻🙌🏻 #zquad we did it 💪🏻💪🏻✌🏻✌🏻
Well done Virat No doubt u always do ur name more virat by ur consistent performance . Performer ho to Virat jasa warna ho hi na . Congrats u bro . We Indians wanna see u like this , proud on u really .
Looking gud , both of u sir g
Endurance levels i guess . First half he 's always a menace to the opposition defenders , but for some reason does n't repeat it in the second
Jummah mubarak salman .. .. Love u
"""""""""""""""""" Whenever I see people posting status ' in a relationship ' , I just want to hug them and say , """""""""""""""""""""" Katega .. . Tera bhi katega """""""""""""""""""""" . """"""""""""""""""
@DrakeMoon @antadvor @earnggofficial samarth12222344
Nawaz sir ki movie hai derecor by sohel Khan
Struggling 2 sleep . Have to wake up as early as 6 am . Got only 6 hrs nd I kinda need 10 hrs of sleep . Hw 2 gt a gud sleep of 10 hrs in 6 hrs ?
@mohituraina Sir You Are The Best .. .. I.e You Are THE MOHIT RAINA .. ..
@danwootton @NiallOfficial I 'm very happy 😄 ❤ ️
Dhoni cricket player he unko bina matlab kisi tarah se bahkabe me na aakar apne cricket carrier ki taraf dhyan dena chahiye
See the autumn winter being human collection . hope u like it . feed bak v imp Achaaaa ya not so Achaaaa .
happy to welcome pm john key
Virat , You are only player in world .. . Capable to chase any target .. .. Salute Sir Ji
Fabulous job was given by the Indian Airforce . Jai hind jai hind .
Jai ho ! congratulations to you Modiji -power filled peaceful leader !
I Love You * At girls hostel * Girl1 : Kal poori raat kaha thi ? Girl2 : Movie dekhne gayi thi . Girl1 : Konsi ? Girl2 : """""""""""""""""""""" Rab ne bana di jodi """""""""""""""""""""" Girl1 : """""""""""""""""""""" Phir ? """""""""""""""""""""" Girl2 : Galti se boys hostel mei ghus gayi . Girl1 : Phir ? Girl2 : continue reading .. .
Good job modi ji
Sir .. It 's a grt effort for nuke power development but make sure already constructed plants working properly then u can sign for 3&4 th still 2 nd power gen plant has technical maintenance problem .. . Do n't waste our Indian money in other country un worthy technology
Happy birthday R Madhavan we have same birthday I love ur movies 3 idiots one of the best . .
I really miss Kovacic . Brings a fresh Storm of energy .
Slow claps and standing ovation plus Roadies waala salute to all those people who study at home for whole 5 months .
Hi sir Good evening sir maatha sarashvathi ke maa jai
The lion of Indian . Mahi u looking so fabulous in Indian army Jai hind
V for virat .. .. V for vikas .. .. . K for kohli .. .. k for kumar .. .. but fark bas itta sa hai bhai log .. .. vo bat se ball udata hai .. . or manney to bat balla bhi ni pakadna aata
isi liye india me sabse jada hindo larkiyon ka balatkar hota hai aur balatkar karne wale sabse jada hindo hain
??? ???? ???? ???? ?? ???? ?? ???? ??? ?? / :)
@ndtvfansclub love u ndtv
#daikin what does a company do if a consumer complaints for a prod 30 times ?
Sabhi ke dvara janmdin pr kum se kum 11 verksh legaye jaye avm jivenperyent dekbaal ki jaye to din Rastradin ban jayega
It 's great to be in touch with people who I 'm not even sure I 'll meet in person , ever . It 's amazing how we touch each other 's lives
I LOVE YOU VIRAT KOHLI JI .. .
Virat v all love u nd respect u but kindly shave urself little bit .. Otherwise u r the most handsome man in the Indian cricket team .. #viratkohali
[ >_<][- _-][+_+] | CMNT VIA : - BOTERX . TK | | OWNERX | HASNI ABLE & MONJURUL LASKAR
Bumraah ki first ODI batting thi aur saamne Southee bowler .. . Bumraah is innocent .. . Blame all top batsman who dont fulfill their responsiblities .. .
The Freedom Of Loneliness ❤ ️
Happy Diwali Koli , hope you take care of youself and your run scoers continue as fireworks for us .. We believe in you , you are real sacrificers for us . God Bless you ..
Make sure Putin stay in our boat .. .. .. . Bcuz America going to elect a joker one of two - Trump or Hillary .. .. . Vladimir Putin best leader in world .. .. .. .. . :)
#271 : I passed out a few years ago and these days at work I still spend all my time stalking IITB girls pics and fantasizing about them , I used to do the same thing in IITB as well .
Its a great moment
Suno suno sab hamari sune jo wakti hamara shath dega ham unki madad karege
@sachin_rt amazing watching ur movie Sachin : A billion dreams on Sony Pix . It felt gud watching ur great & inspiring journey . A must watch .
Good very nice you Guru ji
@IndiaToday @PadmajaJoshi Absolutely
Thanks to the two leaders . jio is tara frnds ho kara . a good frnd is always faithful at all time . this is proved in this case .. .. ..
Bhaijaan arijeet ka song ayga ya nhi
@xiummmin solo stans who dissed other members can choke and get out of the fandom 😫 > I ’m being rude <
Good nerendra modi ji .. ..
For all those vk and set fans who shout and celebrate at 2000 and 3000 likes this is enough for their mouths to shut
@MamataOfficial Expect hindus .. .. . I think
Turn around , turn around , turn around , make one full circle . Be new here ; again . - Gii scott-heron #quote
Vishnu Prasad Jaya Bagherwal Shailja Lakhotia Shubhangee Vyas Nikhil Ambulgekar Bhargav Pathaneni Rahul Menon
@saadiaafzaal Pagl he ye Qaom Jo misbah ka Cmprezm imraan se kr rhe he . khuda ko maano kaha misbah kaha imran .. shoib Akhtar
ya u r ryt sir ji
Thala ulla erangi helicopter shot adinga :)
sir daikh lii hai .. .. love you .
ayuerjer ball must or virat kohli onside pe four must 100 marige sunday ko busiya bani h meeri aram se koi jeldbaji met kerna
Wish you Very Very Happy Birthday Sir ji
Viraaat u hve chance to make Double ton in Onday battle . Not only one time may be it can be several times . So God bless u and all the best for to make Double ton .
Not everyone knows you . Some know parts of you . Some none of you and some make up their own versions of you .
Modi you r a best leader of the world .. . hit like if you agree
#338 : Why are the admins sleeping ?
Abdull Basit India ke ma ke chot .. .. Oye india walo hm pakistani boys a rhy hain tmhari ma ke phudi bajany gashti ky puter .. .. india pakistan ky chodny sy wajoud ma aya tha . Modi ke ma ke chot . Oye india walo sun lo hm pakistani hindu larkeyo ke phudi dhol ke tarha baja baja k marain gy .. . Pakistan zinda bad . Pakistan is the best .
@PMOIndia @HMOIndia being an Indian and a hindu citizen , I thank Govt of India for restricting rohingyas from entering into India . THANK YOU .
Damn !!! Haters will hate
@akashbanerjee @raju777_praveen This man seems PappuBlind . Have no brain . Suvar ki aulad . #DynestySlaves
@AltNews Will the foolish bjp ministers tender an apology for the retweets of fake stories ?
Lovely pic # so cute # BeautifulU # sweet smiling # how r u ? have a great day
Good morning bhai , have a nice day to yu , many many thanks 2 yu .
They have to because of presence of China . No body does anything without self interest .
Many many returns of d day amitabh sir ji :)
Thanks and Happy diwali .
Abhi sir aapki life lmbi ho health thik rhe aapki yhi kamna krte hai
In se na koi test na hi koi medikal Par hmse test medikal kanun ki report deni padti haii Kaisa kanun hai ye
Jai Mata di sir ji & hw r u sir ji
yes pak making another war .. they think never join in India UN number .. yes that way making war and more durable with us .
This BRICS summit and the india-russian agreeements will take indian defence sector more stronger at the international level .. .. # #Proud of India## Jai Hind
Socialism and communism is nothing but duplication of work . #meaningfuleducation
Reply bhi nahi karta sir
jis jis chutiya ko yeh lgta h k amir sir deshdroi h to mujse bt karo mcdo .. .
@PMOIndia Railways is so unsafe now . Why ? 3 traines escaped . @PiyushGoyal @RailMinIndia
@SDhawan25 tumko shikhar par dekh ke bahaut khushi hui . Congratulations ! #IndvsSA #CWC15
Sorry Bale because Harry Kane is whom we love now . #OneOfOurOwn
Virat kohl i am SHAURYA PRAKASH I am 11 years old and this is my mother 's account and I want to become a cricketer
@zaynmalik @inZAYN I want one !
Allegatns dat BHU protst ws opposition 's plan ! Ok ! Not attndng d girls on protst fr 52 hours ws opposition 's plan ? #BHU #BHUClash
DEAR BABUJI """" BLACK & WHITE """" PHOTO KA MAZA HI KUCH AUR HAI . WHAT DO YOU THINK ?
dhoni apka pak sy fan hn mere khwaish hy k agar kse cricketr sy mlun to wo appp hain .
Nilya ah photu dhoni nu tara sakal jevu thai gayu che . Hamajaw ene wadhare .. .. ..
NyC bhai I 'm big fan off uh from pak
Yr kya chahte ho tum log .. hum log khudkhusi kr le kya
@rishibagree @h_ram1 So true !
All the best virat kohli i am looking your 100 agyn
Saeed sahab aai naashta nhe kya kohli tira hero acha hi pr india ,,,,,,,
@CigsAfterSexx Ohmygod !! Come to Delhiiiiii guysss !!
Make and keep 100 Promises everyday
Wow , so many messages and wonderful wishes . Thank you for the love , suggestions and the bashings you keep giving me . Really means a lot :)
U r just rocker .. .. love u chiku .. . proud on u .. .. . World best batsman .. .. ..
People trending poonam pandey on twitter , tum log mar kyun nahin jaate ????
Sahi baat hai , wish u very happy birth day sir .
Eid mubarak sir aamir khan
Cchhaaa gye sirji .. ab aur kitna variation laoge .. hum to kab ka maan chuke hain ki aap Mr. Perfectionist hain ..
Speak only when you are sure that your Words are better than your Silence .!
near Dubai , United Arab Emirates ;)
Agar virat tendulkar jitne odi khel gya to ase record bna dega ki sdio tak dunia yaad rkhagi
#227 : [ On behalf of an ex-faculty member ] during my recent stay at the IITB guest house , I notify reception about 2 cockroaches in my room . Staff kindly gives me broom & scoop to deal with it . Deposited both ( dead ) at front desk . Gives you an idea of where the institute is going :(
whn u dnt hve any felngs fr him toh hn kyu kiya use jyda pgl toh tum ho shyd
Congrats Team India . Every player experiences from the crowd ( I . N . D . I . A .. .. .. .. .. .. .. . INDIA . )
Touch heart and superhit film or nice joudi .. .. ..
@AdityaRajKaul Historic ? 7th century ?
@virendersehwag @sachin_rt @bmwindia Congratulations
The smell of winter . The smell of oranges . Listening to Christmas carols . Glistening lights across the street . #Nostalgia
there are only two ways to live your life
@TheManagator Also install it the day u made an apointment and not change the day cause de feel like it
We loves you .. .. . piyu
Yes India will begin to breath some innovation through modi ji , we respect you
My support b j p
Kyaaaaaaaaa ? virat eyes glasis !! !! Bhai ye kB hoa virat You legend player for me and whole world .. . From pakistan
fantastic , outstanding , great smile , fabulous , amazin , excelent , wonderful , dynamic , looking killer . I an really not going to spel these words for u bcoz i dont have the words to express . YOU ARE ONE OF THE GODS WONDERFUL CREATION """""""""""""""""""""" THE """""""""""""""""""""" DHONI SIR .
"""""""""""""""""" @LoveisLoveTM 2moro is """""""""""""""""""""" 28 sep """""""""""""""""""""" n everybody is so quiet thr is no excitement . its LARRY 'S Anniversary . is't it ?? ? """"""""""""""""""
kohli nice player .. .. respect from Pakistan .. .. . wasim bhai or kohli ma Jorr parta .. .. both stars
Goodnight @zaynmalik
#234 : First I was suspicious , now I'm 90% sure who this M2K guy is , if he is the same as the one who learned Greek for kicks , he is a psycho . By 3rd year he was taking notes in Arabic and Cyrillic as well .
@PiyushGoyal to whom should I approach as govt has vision to lower down of vehicles which run on fuels , kindly suggest
Kinyu ye song ne mere dilko bhi chuliya me to roj bahut bar sunti raheti hu jag ghumiya
Asi hot pic me acche lgte ho
Dear PMji Happy Deepawali . Today Government has announced 2% DA for central government employees . But what for the soldiers of this country who are still waiting for 7th central pay commission which is pending for consideration in PMO . Every day people of this country are listening through news that soldiers are dying on border to safeguard our country . Please announce good payment for them as soon as possible . Otherwise a wrong message is going to the people of India . Let us proudly say Jai Hind .
i m so excited for this movie bhai hppy frndshp day
@CMOMaharashtra Sir passport service improved by TCS . Kindly improve RTO services similarly . There is harassment n looting by agentsin RTOs
may his soul rest in peace he will be remembered for his melodious songs
one door closed many door opened call me 7737897988
Asmalekum haaji saahab . Ramzan Mubarak ho advance me Allah Aap ko khub barkat de Zhusain Cotton Shirts
Line pe aa rahe Ho khan sahb , dangal release hai pass main .. .. .. .. . es baar ehsaas Kara denge ke ek asli Hindustani kya hai .. .. .. . Film kaa boycott karke .. .. .. .. reason you know Aamir bhai .. .. .. .
Niche ka jabada bhar mt nikal dost ganda lagta h Sidhi simple photos liya kr
Kuch toh desh k liye bolo zindagi katgai acting me .. .. .. Say something for our nation
Virat we want one more century Ms Dhoni ko 4 no . pe playing deba
usse english me baat krne de ... tu hindi me usko rpl kr hameshaa .. dheere dheere usko v aadat h jyegi hindi me baat krne k .. :)
@marcaccetta @coolquotes111 That 's utopian ! Never happens ! 😂
@timesofindia Which is not you & your party for sure 😜
#ManishPandey , #KedarJhadav aur #HardikPandya ko apni apni wickets ki ehmiyat ko samajhni chahiye . Har baar aapko #Virat ya #MS match nahin jitayenge . Aur Wicket fekne wala kabhi v achha batsan nai ban sakta . Aaj #Dhoni aur #Viraat isiliye succesful hain kyun ki woh apni wickets ki ahmiyat ko samajhte hain . Aapko yaad hoga pehle jab #ViratKohli out hote the tab kaise chilla kar maidaan se jate the . Aur aaj dekho woh kahaan par hain . Aur sirf #Ranji me ta #IndA team k liye runs banane se koi bada batsman naiban sakta . Bade team k sath aur bade mouke pe khelke jitanewala hi asli hero hota hai . All the best for the final match in #Vizag .
Koi v team kuch ni India di team de samne bcoz INDIA is the best
hamari gawno jarka may koi ledar nahe tha
Happy birthday farhan(1 idiot ) of evergreen movie R . Madhvan Sir .
can there be blood less bakri eid and moharram ?
Over all this . Sorry to say out come is nothing
it s a big loss to the music world may his soul rest in peace
@sadiyasiddiqui3 please come back on #YehUnDinonKiBaatHai Miss your narration 😭😭 @SonyTV
@amazonIN Congratulations
@ESPNFC #FCExtratime Are Kane , Alli and Eriksen going to leave Tottenham in the next transfer window ?
itna promo kya baat h bhai aur sultan 300crore ho gyi party to banti h
@mohan_manjima @mediente Congratulations 👍👏 Good luck 👍👏
Apka pahele to India mai srf fog chal raha tha .. ab srf ap he toh ho boss
Amit Sen Rathore - he 's still in US ?? I thought he came back to India
2 - why is the book
virat kohli aap ye batao dhoni bhaiya run out kaise ho gaye ? mujhe aap pe shak hai ? aapne run out karwaya unko
#Kolkata Need O+ve blood AT Bellevue Call 9674712939 , 9434538148 Via @apandey82
If you are planning to read one book this season make it #sapiens . It ’s an absolute eye opener .
P m modi ji jai Hind
@karishmakotak Nice
Raat main tumhare saapne or din main tumhare yaad .. .. . plz aab to meri ho nasi .. vk
Looking forward to NZ support on the NSG entry for India .
@htTweets @MVenkaiahNaidu In today 's india defence minister is good but finance minister is like a kid who 's shitting where he wants
har taraf ab yehi afsane hain manna dey
@AditiMallya It means selective outragers 😭😂
@CarDroidusMax @johnstanly Agree with you .. . Muslim fundementalism has to be fought .. .
hota h yr jo dumb hote h unke sath aksar hota h ....
@sgurumurthy Some dont know meaning of graceful freedom doesnt mean you insult your party all want be ministers otherwise attack
Pink bakwas movie thii pora din kharab kar diya mera ufffffff bc
@ShashiTharoor We would have been much better off had he not become a PM .
bs ldkiyo ki wjh se page chl rha h ye hdd h yr
khalil bhai u r the example of decent human being
Today reaction of PMLN against PTI members in Islamabad shows the peak level of cruelty of """" Nawaz Sharif """" . I think , name of """" Nawaz Sharif """" must be replaced with """" Modi Sharif """" because actions of """" Nawaz Sharif """" are same as """" Modi """" , an Indian Prime minister .
cngo dhoni & kohli bhai
@atreyeemarik @lostboy54 Bigboss ?? ??
Rofl . The ego on this one
1000 crore chahiye aamir bhai
WHAT A GOAL !! !! @Cristiano #BVBRMA
Sachin Rk accha toh karan johar ka hater hai aur johar iska rip your logic bwuahahhaa
Well dear #242 we suggest that you start putting a marker on your posts ( like our pal M2K , we still have no clue who he is ) that way we know you're a \ """""""""""""""""""""" regular\ """""""""""""""""""""" ;) ~ Ed
Saheb luvs ice cream more than my dad :d
you are absolutely right sir we should think about this foreign culture style birthday celebrations and adopt our desi indian style birthday celebration with sweets and Indian dishes
Awesome match Congo team india M a big fan of kabbadi n so of yu all
Mera accident 25 jun 2015 ko huwa tha jis accident men Mera right side ka hath Kat gya air bahut Gambhir chote sayi jisake ilaj men karib 12 lakh rupaye kharch aaya aur mujhe is ilaj ke doran mujhe uttar prdesh sarkar yaa bharat sarkar se kisi prakarki koi madat nahi mili aur election ke samay jo bhi neta voto ke liye humare idhar aate the wo sabhi yahi neta bolta tha ki sarkar se 2 yaa 3 lakh ki madat karega election jitne ke baad baat bhi nahi karte last time humare idhar ke gram prdhan ne slah di ki narendra modi ko request kro vahan se kuchh help mil sakati hai maine PMO modi ji ko aur CM Akhilesh ji ko dono ke address request latter bheje kisi ka koi jabab nahi mila jbab milta bhi kaise modi ji khun se likhe latter hi padhte hai sayad pain se likhe latter nahi padhte honge
@AmitOA2 @Truthbhai @joseph_vengal @ANI And dare they say what divisive politics Modi had played
Bc apni bahaduri to aise poet ke form me suna rahi hai jaise teer maari ho
Fuck you and your false9 klopp . A proper striker finishes that .
Lb M Been Cajun
@GooglePlay webview is highly undesirable . Hate it . I like to use Chrome instead of #WebView . Pls deprecate it .
You r my favourite player virat forever .. . n happy vala b day in advance at Nov 5
Vry nice sir ji . .
Congratulations champ virat You r greatest batsman , bradman , brayan lara , sachin tendulkar .. .!
@ImKrish35 @S1dharthM maaroge sab mujhe padha padha ke , kal phn bhi cheen liya tha , badi mushkil se waapas kara mama ne 😢
I LOVE MY lNDIA
Madh .. dikhou bhai bht boring h
Russia is our best friend and will remain the best friend always .. .
We are proud of u Virat .. we are very lucky that we got a player like you .. in Indian team .. but just one request to you . Please do n't change your nature and personality in future .. right now we are feeling some politics is going on in Indian ODI Team .. where some personal conflicts have been reflecting in the Cricket .. so I am requesting you do n't adopt that things from others .. because in Indian cricket 1.30 Crores people imotion have been involved .. so while captaincy please give priority to the performance .. so we want deserving players career should not be spoil due to some small small conflicts .. thank you .. Regards , Sisir from Odisha .
hoy thiri thiri adli ho yuhuuuu hoy :)
jo khata maine nahi ki uspe pachtana pada ,
koi ni agla match jeet jayege
Namaste sir , me uruli kanchan , taluka Haveli , Pune , Maharashtra me rehti Hu . yaha roads ka bhut hi bura Hal hai . please sir aap much kariye yaha Ki gram panchayat much bhi karti .
I think ' duplication of work ' may be a better term to describe socialism and communism in lieu of ' does n't work ' . #meaningfuleducation
Madi saheb tumhi fakt photo kadun fb takt java .. .. . Marathyanchya magnya kade lakah dya nahitar punha ubhya ayushyat nivdun nahit yenar .. . Ani thode laksh pan dya nahitar udrek hoil .. .. ani udrek jar zala tar tumchi rahileli 2.6 varsh pan sampvavi lagtil .. .. 1maratha lakh maratha
Dandiya these days is just disco with sticks . 🙄
@SBIMF I want to invest money in SBI blue chip fund , pls inform me complete scheme along with monthly payments .
Go nd get deep nap today virat bhaiya .. . i know .. u get tired now .. . after-all .. aap pure india ka responsibility apne shoulder pe lekar khele ho .. . r jitaye ho .. .. . hats off to you .. .. .. god bless you .. ..
Class , Style , Beauty , Intelligence , Ambition what can one say when you got it you got . Keep doing what you 're doing BEAUTIFUL .
Great win tonight .. @realmadrid and really happy to see @Cristiano scoring again .. #HalaMadrid #RMABVB #heretocreate #Champions
Hit Like if you think All the Indian Players should pay their Match Fees To #KINGKOHLI <3 as he is the only one performing and carrying Indian Team in ODI 's since WC2015
Superb Modified ji .. .. . Giving them an Indian touch . Nobody has even thought about it . It 's actually a power of convincing .
Happy Birthday . Big . B
Meri msg ka jawab do
Devisha Raniga and here i look like a hobo in my pjs on the uni computers
Hats Off !!
par toda dhyan se sahab 62 me bhi en logo ne hindi chini bhai bhi ka nara lagaya tha aur fir dekha hoga apne kya hua tha , humne sirf suna hai . par etna pata hai ki ye pakistan se jyada gande hai
Kya saalo kb se daily dekhta ho ki sab virat ko sachin se bhi biggest maane lage hai are bavkoofo jab sachin play karne aaya tab sohaib aktar wasim akram glenn megrath younus khan imran khan etc world ke best bowler the or now at this time virat play kar rha hai to koi bhi biggest bowler nhi rha tabhi sla itne runs mar rha h
hi amir my name nadim khan
@yashchandy I finished that sentence as - Sharma aunty ke ladke ki bhi shaadi ho gayi . Subtle . girlfriend … subtle .
@ZahirJ @BinyavangaW Loved the ending ! I could have offered you some ironic chai-tea for it ;)
Viru Bahi .. . Tusi legend ho .. . Respect
we the fans luv you , sirji
Jahaa panaaa !! !! Tusssii gr8 Ho ! Gr8 inspiration especially from Yur movie Jo jeeta wahi Sikander , till now .. Ty Sir for all the efforts dat yuve put in all Yur movies .. Star comedian ! Star actor !! ! Nvr missed ne of Yur films nor wil !! ! Dangal ki Jai Ho !! !
same as u say we should never ignore light i will say we should never ignore the glimpse of u the whole day sir
hi friends support my brother please give your one likes to him open the pic and like it thank you
I am your big fan and i agree with you are the best god of cricket and indian team i am proud of you sir
i don't think your bf will have a problem with that
our economy is falling & our leader are busy in court room
greatest lesson is that you can be strong and keep getting stronger if only you sincerely want it
I can n't tell you how much I love you I have no words for this pic
Edrali cool c anup and ajay is man of tha wald
Sir , is there any scientific project going on for lequidifying atmosphere CO2 as petroleum fuel for drastic positive change to control global warming effects & Ozone layer . Jai Hind
sir kush kahna hai aap se plese ek sergical strike kashmir main bi karbaiye taki je saale desh ki gadaaro ka bi khatma ho saab sahi ho jaye gaa roj roj jo hamare desh ke jawan saheed hote hai hai bo bardash nahi hota sir bu or bardash nahi hota
dear priminister g namaskar .. . sir m haryana state ke yamunagar district se bol rha hu .. . sir m ik kisan ka beta hone k nate yha rah rahe 5lakh kisano ki taraf se bol rha hu sir hamari problem ye h ki yha ki land me popular namak tree hota h jo ki yha ki land ke anukul h .. sir last 7year se iska rate down hota ja rha jike karan yha ka kisan backfoot par aa gya h .. sir hamari vinti ye h ki aap iska uchit rate lagaye jise yha ka kissan unanati kar sake .. aaj yha ka kissan aapko aasha k roop me dekh rha h sir .. . sir aap hamari ye problem solve kardege to yha ka kissan aapka ahsaan ni bhulega life time .. . sir aap is poular tree se banane wale vastwo ply etc .. ka export khaadi ki country dubai . saudi arab . iraan . etc me kar sakte h
Mera favorite short Cover drive leken abhi Short ne tej nahi huya . Kisliye dada mera ko halka Tips diye . please dada Presse .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. . likhke ves dijia dada may tumhara die hurt fan .
Its Modi 's magic , all representatives in Modi Jacket wow !. There is no doubt our beloved PM will take India to a new heights with his rising craze & followings all over the world .
cant belive he is no more so sad to miss him
@SmitaM7 HI Smita , we have thoroughly checked on this matter and would like to let you know that post your cancellation request was
Kasam se ! aisa imandari ka virus felayenge , bahut mann hai sarkari office mein logon ko kaam karte dekhne ka .. http://t.co/xDPeKXIhIY
Sir , those who study at iims especially iim-a behave as cowards and deliberately block foreign educated professionals so that those from their own institution get the opportunity .. . and most of the senior aqlums from iim-a report to british/american educated professionals .. but in India they are expert in deliberately blocking .. .. Regards ,
Virat sir aaj aap presar mt lena free mind khelna ..
Sir Ji abhi se hi days counting krni shuru kr di hai I 'm waiting
This is amazing , just unbelievable ! He 'has made head of states of some most powerful nations wear Indian attire :) Truly powerful u r Mr. Narendra Modi sir :) We Indians r so very proud of u ! #NAMORocks
amitabh sir really aap ek good actor ho but mujhay dilip kumar actor bahut pasand hai aap 60%hai toh dilip kumar actor aap say 100% achay hai
Aaj kai Comments aur Like karne wale aise log honge Jo abhi kuchh din pahle China Product ka Virodh kar rahe the mujhe lagta Hai aise log aaj Apne ko dekh kar thaga sa mehsus karte honge ,,, Chinese ka Phool mala se swagat karo aur Chinese Material ka Virodh !
Aap aise hi khelte raho . 8m bahut kam hai . Aapke 8 billion followers hoge . God bless you&best of luck .
Hello koi mere se frndship krlo mere se hor singel nai raha jata
amir khan im da 1 of ur fans .. im a pilipino woman hu admire u .. im collecting ur tape .. oh my god .. giv me a chance 2 see u in person please .. .
add me salam khan
Amir bhai im afg i wana make a movie wt u
modi g ap kashmir open kardo
We all love India for its unity and integrity . we will support this government led by Narendra modiji who is enthusiast about every youth of this nation , our development and progress . We will make India a great nation by my clean India , save every girl , digital India , good roads , good railway and many more good works . Lets build a fabulous country with good intentions ..
Amir sir 3idiets movie Ne to hame kosh sheka Diya jase zindegi Zina Love u sir
Sakal to hai par akal nahi
#DTD100Million i have no money give me shirt @inZAYN @zaynmalik
@B_Almansouri95 Make Mkhikantriyan captain for tomorrow
Dhany hai Hamare Priye Damdar Great Prime Ministar Shri Narendra Modi ji ki Vichar dharaye Badal Rahe hai Aapne Hindustan ko teji se Vikaso ke dara
Happy birthday bacen Saheb
insti politics koi nayi baat nahi hai bhai , my sympathies wid u
it s very sad may god bless his soul
Haha !! Mouka Mouka .. MS DHONI DESIDE he Do n't Won If Virat Not made hundrad .. Just match winner is Virat Kohli .. I like kohli . .
Decock ko Kohli ne le liya BC !! Cock ka hi toh xpert hai hamara kohli ... He knows how to play wid d cock !! Wnderful Bowling Shami #IndvsSA
@anubhavkgautam @Bazmccullum Good Time to start insta post . Mccullum
China is a major threat for the goals selected by india in order to eliminate terrorism from own soil , so we 1.3 bn people of Indian republic need to teach a concrete lesson to these dragons who are the real dragon with poison inside by boycotting their stuffs . #BoycottChineseProducts
Modi ji must take every one with him , except the CONGRESIS ( BHAGODE ) it will damage BJP one day
Looking gorgeous and ravishing as always in this beautiful video , dear Priyanka . <3 :-) Beautifully expressed yourself . <3 :-) Wishing you a very pleasant and peaceful day time coming along . <3 :-) Take care , always stay well and try your best to keep all you know , well . <3 :-) Sending you best wishes full of love and joy of this day time . :-) <3 God Bless .
@DOCTORATLARGE Beautiful beautiful !!
deshraj raghav is face of Aa Aa paap in uttam nagar
Such a cutie Rakul Preet Singh <3
Itni wait karayi aamir bhai apne . 2013 me dhoom 3 dekhi , 2014 me Pk dekhi . Usi hisab se ma to 2015 ki Christmas ko hi theatre me chala gya dangal dekhne . But bad me pata chala ki 2016 ko ayegi . I was so upset then .
sorry bat samaj nahi aae
Beautiful song and beautiful chemstry between both of them amazong yaar karan johar sb ..
@KPGBJP @AnupriyaSPatel @TCGEHLOT This is Yug of women empowerment . Whatever a woman do for nation always inspire whole world
@zaynmalik Because why not ? 😎 #Zquad #DTD100Million 😍
Hi Virat , We all are very proud of you on every efforts doing on Humanity grounds , Never fail to do attempts , just think it and do it like SAVE GIRLS . You are truely a Role Model and inspirations for young cricketers . Best wishes for your future .
kya hai beeee ....????
kal gandhi maidan me blast hote rha or log modi ji ka bhasad sunte rhe u r great sir namo india
The coward has been dropped alas 😍😍😍
Afridi cheering Pakistan team - matches haare to kya hua ? Ek baat hamesha yaad rakho hum ney ek baar India ke saamne Toss jita hai .
Virat me aapka bahut bada aur vishal fan hu jab aap khelna start karte ho na tab mujhe ek hi dar lagta hai ki aap kahi out na ho jao aur jab aapki fifty ya hundred ho jati hai to duniya me sabse jyada khush me hi hota hu
Who is this girl aamir ji
I am feeling proud because my prime minister is modi
sir jab tak app team me hai humko pura confidence India avi nahi defeat ho sakete
Bhai shimla bhi aajao .. #virat_kohli
HI THE IS NICE
Jai hind Supreme power no .. 3(India )
BUMRAH dussro ko karte rehna apni bowling se uhi GUMRAH . Best of luck for ur carrier .
Sir please job dilwa dijiye m bahut pareshan hu . Mere future ka sawaal h .
When i feel something difficult in my life they i watch your innings under pressure . Somebody says you are very angry but they do n't know angryness is necessary to write history for example chandrshekhar ajad , bhagat singh , sukhdev , rajguru , batukeshwar dat , ashfak uLLa khan angryn on English rule .
Great meeting World Leader 's .. ..
@md_baran @Hones8Liar chalo ab thoda kaam kar sakte hai ... subah se yahi chipke pade hai office me bhi .. is chakkar me lunch bhi nahi kiya
@iamsunilyadav10 @IrfanPathan @iamyusufpathan @sruthibabu1 You r welcome bro
what you couldn't do so far , it is about
I played this game and its awesome . Being human Being bhaijaan
We All Proud Of You Sir .
Dhoni bhai mujhe bhi sath le chalte . No problem next time
bhai take care of health .
MSD richly deserves this .. . he looks the part , the Indian army know they r giving this honour to a man worthy of this . Why then r D . Lit . conferred upon successful people from other walks of life ? some people can only feel jealousy , but no admiration or appreciation , shame on them .
@BlackeeyDJ as fuck , babe ! 😉
Tysm kohli Bhai ur the golden boy of India I respect u n ur work hope to follow ua footsteps
@Javedakhtarjadu Mr. Secular why only have a tongue for Muslims , where the so called sympathy for Indian 's like Kashmiri pandit
it's too long ..
DHONI , SIRF IPL MEIN SHER BANO , AAP . IDIOT . #WTFDHONI #CWC15 #IndvsSA
d thing make me more curious is dat how he works .. i think dis is more interesting then his movies . Agr m actor hota to aamir p biopic bnata :)
Modi he to fikor nehi
to confesser , brace ur self , cheat on bf , sleep with matka comments are coming
Salam ! G Happy frndship day .
#317 : I just check this IITB confession page to feel how lucky I am . My hubby is from IITB , he is well behaved & knows the value of people and relationships . He never made me feel low or got attracted to other hot chicks . I feel blessed and same time sorry for all IITians who treating relations as just lust and measuring everything materialistically in terms of money .
Bt at last jai hind india
Best pm we got
Bohat achha sundor lagraha he . If virat kohli has million number of fans i am one of them .
Yr Aamir and SRK i am huge fan of u but where are u now ? In UP Hindu family left home in Kairan .. .. So now u do n't have the voice ?
say truth 2 ur bf ......
Agar apne kabhi kisi se sccha pyar kiya hai to Please join TeRi MeRi LuV Stories :')
That 's amezing .. .. .. .. Justes we thought modi sir make every were India .. .. . Its ossom .. .. .. . In ur age sir that 's stamina and strength are inspireble .. .. ..
@AsYouNotWish Absolutely 👍 Savage reply !
6 Yrs pehle b nhi thi wo n ab b ni h .. so wts d difrnc .. . . chill kro .. :)
i think i shoud stop going for swimming now :-/
Eddie , You are a guy(provable ! ) . My observations on your commenting style and a comparative observation on the guys in that photo , you must be the guy raising his left hand or the guy in the yellow shirt . That s all your honor !!! ;)
Because your delightful forever
Oh bhai shadi kar lu ya time for ni aha ga
i reember this man he was in laghan film i think @Amir khan if u dont have any problem so can u plzz tell me where basically ur grandfather are from sorry amir
modi is comming --- rahl
Ekbar bat karo plz
Mast h video love u sallu
#DANGAL will definately breaks all box ofiice records .. . is bande ki 1 movie hi kafi hai saare box office ka record todne ke liye .. .. .. Really #Amirkhan doesnt need any #award .. .. . but awards r waiting 4 u .. ..
@bses why is there no electricity in Malviya Nagar ?
@ranveerbrar That 's also true ☺ ❤
Awesome Aamir .. . protesters ki maa ki .. .. .. .. . aamir will Rock again .. .. ab kya krega vijayvargia .. .. hahah dangal mein mangal krne chala tha na
sir baad mainn kuch bhi ho pahla kaam maa k dwaraa Teeka aur Halwa ya koi mithai khilana hota hai phir bachcha par chuye aur phir kuch do
Thanks ! Keep visiting !
@Ashish14_ BhI har match likh ke dunga , if we play soo well
#235 : In my 4th year I had to do 500 hrs community service ( for DAC I got in 2nd yr , that's another story ) so I conned a cool prof to let me do chamchagiri for him in his lab and he would give me a certi saying I did the community service under his supervision .
MODIJI U R THE BEST LEADER OF THE WORLD
koi naa .. u can still pursue fine arts .. just dont let go of whatever you learned in IIT
cokuspocus We bet you 'd look great . #Google
Happy Birthday sir n we all really love u , from the people of Myanmar . u r the biggest star ever sir ji . we love u ji .
Wow kay seen hey superstars .
Lo ji , #MSDhoni started with the promotion of his biopic . Trying to woo south Indians . A great tactic , the movie will sure be doing great business :)
Kya pagalpanti h ... ghar se bhag jana kisi problem ka solution naii hai ... B brave yr ... or sach btaa de sab ko .
no one is coming up with the talent to fill the void left by these legends
School k friends missed school days
Salman Khan bhai i am big fan of you
#226 : In my 3rd sem during PH209 I bunked several classes and when I opened the textbook to mug I realized there are a few greek letters that I don't know ... hence I decided to mug the entire greek alphabet . So I learned all the 28 letters and how to write + pronounce them . Then I got really ambitious , I started writing down class notes substituting greek letters instead of the equivalent english letters , in all classes . By the end of the semester , I was able to write in english-in-greek fluently , as fast as the prof would blabber . By the time endsems came , I opened my notes to mug , and realized that while I could transliterate very fast , I didn't develop the reverse skill , to read greek-into-english . So a day before the endsems , there I was , all my notes were in greek and I couldn't read them . I flunked 4 out of 6 subjects that semester .
Salman bhai .. .. . you are very lucky .. .. .. . proud moments for India
@NilimDutta @IndianMillenni1 @AsYouNotWish @Abhina_Prakash Double standards .
mai aap se baate kroongi roj
#279 : My best moments at IITB were while peeing standing at the skydeck on 6th floor of H14 , aiming towards some poor chap sleeping on the 4th floor Skydeck during summer nights . . .
Superb FreindShip Bhai Jaan Ek Number Faadu Awesome Dhasing Pic
jinhe yad kar k muskura de ankhe , wo log dur hokar bhi dur hote nahi
we support him in his fight against poverty
Msg dekh kar bi ek jawab nehi dete app
Aamir ne toh body-sody bana li .. Ab hamare film ka kya hoga yaar .. !! Soch k hi hasi aati hai .. ..
Mast hai bhai activity
Dear Sir , There is so much of global collaboration initiated in India .. . when you have cowards from iims especially iim-a deliberately blocking foreign educated professionals things become more difficult .. shame on them that they are scared of intellect and professional skills of overseas educated individuals and thats why most of the country heads in India at mncs educated at iims especially iim-a report to british and american educated professionals .. but in India they are expert in blocking even when they see empirical evidence of meritocracy .. what a shame being cheated by freudenberg group .. . I feel there should be a respect for global education system and a degree signed by ex dean at Harvard and currently vice chancellor at Oxford .. and when empirical evidence of meritocracy exists .. . Regards ,
Hello chiku vahi you are indian run machine you are most stylish batsman
LIKE IT U ENJOYED OTHER GAMES ALSO BUT WE LIKE U AND UR PROFILE PHOTO
Fake world is Heaven . #AmarYadavofficial
@H0SE0KIE I also just ate aloo vaala chips that 's really not good but hashtag yolo
Sir jee jo galat hy bo galat hy yadurrapa ghotala kiya hy to kiya hy use saja milni chahiye neta banane ke pahle eske pas kya tha our aaj dekhiya . Aesha chala to bjb apna bharosha khote jayegi
modi ji pronam best leaer of the world and good decesion
Bhaiya ji tusi great ho : *
Manmohan Singh had a big role in creation of all e.g. BRICS , g20 , g8 .. world leaders always cheered him his efforts .. . modi failed to make india a part of nsg .. .
Ithar bhi promotion chalu kr diya .. . wah re businessman
@LogicalIndians Ahhh .. . Tough question for them ..
#280character I still see 140 :(
Noise free diwali , pata hi nhi chlega ki diwali b h
When two great men leading two nations nd sit with Good hopes nd aspirations fetches always the Best Results
u r best salman vai
Aap Ki voice superb . I love your personality . Aap hi ho meri real hero sir ji .
@ruchikokcha U can play any role in life .
#245 : At the peak of my performance , I had 27 backlogs , insti's record lowest SPI of 0.27 and I never drank daaru , never smoked weed or ganja , never smoked normal ciggies even , never ate non-veg , never drank coffee or tea . Managed to escape in the end , I gamed the system each & every time I passed a quiz or an exam . Do I regret it ? No . Why ? Because there is a place in the world for people like me ;)
young uttrakhand
Watta look bosss .. .. . Ap kosbhi kar sakteho .. .. Love you from Bangladesh
August #GST collection slips to Rs 90 , 669 crore ( July- Rs 92 , 283 cr ) . Only 37.63 lakh tax payers have filed returns for Aug @PIB_India
#215 : Back when they didn't note down visitor info at H-10 , I have lived an entire night and half a day in a girl's room ( slipped out after the morning watchie shift changed ) .
Yuvraj singh sixer king back the team india
@piIIowtralk @zaynmalik @inZAYN Sameeeee loveee
Mom dad are looking for guys on matrimonial sites for sis . Or jis reasons se wo sabko reject kr rahe hain , apne ko bhi koi select nai karega
Lettr to jayega ghr pr .. n dn u have to cm to univrsty .. tmhare baki k xam b cncl ho skte h .. may b ... bt jisme umc bni usme to pkka h .
@prawnay Must be on only the posh ones !
Bahut badiya thi rangoli , aap food wali pict . mat dala karo
naam kiya likha hai koi translate kary plz
@Aruntm Just Keep On Pushing Them Back , And They Would Give Up On You And Would Not Insist Upon #Aadhaar Anymore .
@nina11_arora I remember :)
best kabaddi match i ever seen .. . no words man ! killed it sir Ajay Thakur and the #Indian_Kabaddi_Team .. . #champions .. and well played #Iran better luck next time !
Matilde Amadei uguale a noi quando facciamo i compiti
Good night @LaghateParth @niti_taylor . Sleep well 😊
it is always diwali for us .. . wen u r der in the squad !! !! ! #vk ji !!
@wasim_dr Beshaq
love u aamir bhai ,,,,,
Me to nahi par mera chota bhai aap ke shath aap ki hi time me khel raha hai . Ankit Sharma
PM Modiji Its great that so many countries are making friend with us . Please take the opportunity to tap from NZ on its expertise in producing high quality dairy products . It makes sense to open our doors to their products particularly dairy . Now many Indians are living in NZ . India must tap those contacts . Example donate Indians books to their library .
Virat sir aap sachin sir se bhi jyada records bnaoge god bless you dear :-)
I request to d managers ek baar baat kara do
Apka bhakt hu sir ji
Salman mere chen makhan bat karooon na omama lips pe dabake
@askGSTech @askGST_GoI I Got my approval . Thanks
Iss baar bhi 8 , 9 Medal sa jaada aa jaya naam badal dena Ak Taraf Chinese Athletes American Athletes ha or Australia ki population 1.5 crore ha unka medals bhi hamsa jaada hota ha Olympic main jaana ki bajaya Govt of india ko unko bhejna ka bajaya Athletes ko Super Athletes banana main zor dena chaiya #Makeindiashame
seems a fairytale but anything is possible at iitb ....
Hello Meni bola tha na ki 100 ho ga pr kya kre y to run kam the Es liy nhi bne Aage tri marna big brother best of luck
modi G Wish you happy Diwali
bhai me nawazuddin sir ka bhi bahut bada fan ho gya hu jab se kick aayi hai .. usme acting to uni lazawab thi .. . bas bhai ab to agli eid ka intezar hai aapki movie dekhna hai .. . #assalamualykum #bhaijaan
its Miranda in evry cnfssin .... bribe kia hai kya admin ko !
Lage raho ji sir
Boss great tor for kor do Sara team ko Jo India team ko dakha usko Virat Kohli ka siya nazar awaya
Ranjan Sarkar u ??? :o
@PatnaPirates Good night sleep tight
Bhai virat Dhawan ko wapas laaoo team me .. .. Rahane opning achi kar hi nai skta
We do n't deserve Champions league
Ki luv yorker king hye .. .? ? He gives yorker to others but he can n't play Yorker himself .. .. !! ! What a joke .. .! !!
Super Very good salman bai
After our PM I only see .. .. . Ajit Dobhal , naam to suna hi hoga ?
YOU ARE INSPIRATION HOPE
Aamir ka koi muqabla nhi he woh phir box-office hit karage
@sachin_rt Good night Sir
prince verma kya aap sardar patel ke aur beni prasad verma ke birodhi hain
Funny thing is I thought our defence bar the GK did really well
Film released in durga puja We enjoyed it
Today is my Dad 's birthday too and he is ur great fan . HBD to u too Mr. AB Sir .
.. aap khade ho gaye hai , to line ab apne aap bn jayegi .. .. .
@srivatsayb @WithCongress Most sane programmes of this govt are renamed -- - Swach Bharat , Digital India etc . for example .
Bhai jan u r great person of india
@aliasshivani @aliaa08 Exams are the main prob yrr ! Alina toh jayegi uske khtm h almost exams
salu bhai happy friendshipday
@theUglyDude007 @suzali86 ruz kaam karta tu sunday ku office nahi jana padta
Aik dafa Pakistan se Jung to start karo ager modi aur ajeet ko na pakar k laye to Muslim ni
happy 75th year young birthday sir jee ..
GREETINGS FROM TURKEY SALMAN BHAI ☺☺☺
people who pee in a public pool get AIDS .. Its not medically proven ... but just an unwritten law of KARMA !
Miss you salman bhai
#indianrailway Can I get any information
Bhai case dismiss ho gaya aur . apnay party nahi di . ,, its not fare
Harry Kane , you fucking beast . @HKane @ChampionsLeague
I love this couples tum and Mahima ♡♡♡
love you virat lead from the front brilliant knock you played & the most important part is you finished the game king kohli ki jay love from capetown
#VoteForGold gold standard Datsun redi-GO Gold .. New car @DatsunIndia
congratulations team India . ..
@pavannair @SANDIPANMITRA6 @BeeGorgeous3 Google s375 .
Aamir khan Sir apke film dangal is saal ke saabse baade film hogi INSHALLAH
A/w bachna sahab appki tehnxx es song ke liye .. . mubarak ho tum sab ko haaj ka mahina na thi meri kismat ki dekho madina
rajasthan is seeking an election ticket , he
Love you team India
Kohli my best buddy
Sir , Cooperation with Russia . Great . S400 is Brahmastra which we will get from Russia .
Nahi sir bilkul nahi
Weigl not playing 😁
@240 : I <3 you Yamini : *
bhai apni saving thoda nichi side se simple rahko acha lagta hai
Yes sir ji ji ji
Sir Salman ko koi advice kyun nahi dete aap .. .. arrogant man .. .. . killer of rode dwellers .. .. . bucks killer .. .. .
I see you in my dream yes
I love paramore so much
Sir ap hi log is pratha me badlab la skakte hain aplog hi suruat kar sakte hain .
Happy to all teachers Priyanka
Takin off mane instead of firmino killed us .
dekho ager bat ab tak ja rahi hai to jabab de abhi dil se ,, ager na aay 4 minit me to apni apni ram ramr ,, ok
She 's beautiful and super talented actress of Bollywood movies
TI Financial Pre Open at Rs 550
I do not see the left and right . Dazzled my eyes becch mein baithe
I m very proud for u
Dimag fir gya h admin ka , Abbe AISA is much bettr den nsui n Abvp , huh
Ok bhai aapne boldiya to boldiya
king of all the world
ek din mit jayega matti k mol jg me rh jayege pyare tere bol
@WhinyPepper Show us your nice handwriting
viraat i hate cricket re ..
ye sab hindustan ke liye likha hai bura mat manna kyuki yaha loksahi hai . sab bole sakte hai
Virat si best crickter and i love virat :) :)
is bar newzeland ko aisa thokna ki jab tum samne aao to ooo din unhe yaad aaje
hum to ye soch kar hi khush
Salute Best Pm Best India ?
BRICS family with Indian dress code . This event will make stronger relationship between all members of BRICS . Thank you modi ji .. ..
@restockTHEWARsm read it .
@jperkovic93 Challenge anyone to take a ball and repeat his dribble act just once . Lets see how many ones has the guts to at his level .
This country is real friend of india .. .. .
India kabaddi team hero one Ajay Thakur
aamir sir aap hamesha hi great the or hamesha great rahoge we love u sir .. .. .. .. .. .
The session on #HumanFactors in #HSE focused on the dynamic man/machine interaction at today 's workplace & related challenges #GLOBALHSE2017
Respected Sir Can we adopt money transaction through card and can abolish all currency . only currency up-to 100 rupees needs to allowed for regular expense where we can avoid black money
Good worked , ye dil hai musikl .
Arun Jaitly = """""""""""""""""""""" Tax increment minister """"""""""""""""""""""
Looking awesome Most beautiful and talented girl in the world .. Agree
@SRKswarrior1 Bhai Koi pehchan wala Jo ... songs compile kr le kl sis ka dance competition he .... teeno mix krne hein without pause
ye poster waqi tareef k qabil hai
We are big fan of virat kohli Agar main ye kahu ki kabhi aisa ho to Main bhagwan se dua karunga ki aisa na ho Agar yaamraj virat ko le jaa rahe ho or wo kahe ki main virat ki jaan chor sakta hu agr iske badle me koi iska fan jaaye to kya aap log jaoge virat k badle me
Pakka h bro film hit h
this is the best proof to understand modi ,
#330 [ M2K ]: The laziness of IITB profs is unparalleled ! As a routine backlogger , I always found myself taking re-exams in summer and winter . Most chootiya profs used to simply repeat the last endsem paper word for word , without even changing the date or the test values in each question . That ensured I passed without difficulty and got good grades in each re-exam . Except that there is always one proverbial shady uncooperative prof , who is not only immune to conning , but actually does not repeat the most recent end-sem paper * grr * much to the frustration of fellow backloggers like me . I was unable to pass even after 2 re-exams . So one day I took an endsem paper , changed the date to ~ 4 years ago and managed to slip into his office ( he leaves it open while sitting in the lab next door ) . I slipped it into a bunch of messy papers on his desk and bolted from there . 2 sems later in summer was the re-exam again ... The prof was amazed how from constant FF I cracked a BB . Now we know eh ;)
Mai to Shami ka bada wala fan ho gaya hun ... Bande ne Zahir khan ki kami mahsus nahi hone di . #IndvsPak #CWC15
This man is just like playdough . Koi bhi shape ly leta hai .
#255 : I lived in IITB for 23 years of my life , my school was in IITB , I learned swimming there , learned how beautiful things could get , saw how the world famous college is from the inside , living there as a family member by not giving JEE at all , all my first things started here , my 1st love , 1st jump in the swimming pool , 1st time saw leopard in IITB when small , 1st dance show , 1st cycle one IITB student gifted me I used to bug him all the time to teach me . I attended Mood Indigo since I was in 4th grade till I turned 23 without fail ... It was like a ritual to attend whether friends with you or not , and being a family member entry was very easy if not one phone call used to solve the problem . After moving out of this place I realized I was living in heaven , the outside world is so sick , so crowded , so many people around , horns , yelling at each other etc ... inside IITB inside the only noise was of the calm campus and the breezy trees ... I Love IITB like anything and I miss it to the core ... MUAAhh to IITB
@agarwal_mohit @Stupidosaur @toughsoldier21 @BhaavnaArora @CIA @narendramodi agreed #true that
@skinhub I HAVE REQUESTED BUT NOTHING HAPPENED
Two great leaders of the world welcome to goa sir putin and our pm shri modi ji
Bhai you r always good
Use realise krwao ki tm uske liye kitna loyal ho use apni sari baten share karo
Viral Indian makes you lol real lol .
#282 : Around 20 years ago , I was perennially broke and needed extra cash for more sutta and daaru . So in a state of drunken stupor , I placed a silly bet with the equally drunk morons in the room with me . The bet required that I had to stand stark naked in front of H9 main mess hall for minimum 1 minute , at peak lunchtime . Within a week , the entire hostel was aware of this bet and each person contributed Rs 10 to the pot . By D-Day the prize money collected was in excess of Rs 1000 ( that's easily worth Rs 7 ~ 8k today ) which was collected by junta for the grand event . At the appointed hour when the mess was full , I lost my nerve and refused to go down nanga . But it was a matter of honor for the wing , so 4 strongarm wingmates grabbed me and marched me down naked while I covered my privates ... when the stopwatch started , they held my hands up for a full 1 minute while all mess-goers of H9 got a glimpse of my sceptre , family jewels and unkempt fields . That Rs 1000 didn't even last 2 days because my chootiya wingmates drank everything .
nw new1 is congress party desh ko loot k kha jao yojna :P
because you are the foreigner in this setting , you have no history to acquit you
Yes .. Papichi ! Lol . Great movie !
we all pray god to giv his family strength during this distress time
All the best Best Ms dhoni the king of cricketer
abe ullu ki patthi tera chutiya kaat rha h vo .. agr use tjhse pyar hta to shadi hi na krta chahe kuch b krna pde .... ab shadi krne k baad vo tjhe ye bole k sorry janu vo shadi krni padi par aapke sath time pass jaari rhega to kya tu bat kregi us se .. nahi na .. isiliye ye sb nautanki kr rha h k uski wife se jhagda kiya divorce dega nd all .. hindi m kahu to tjhe apni EXTRA bnana chahta h vo ... agr yakeen nai h to use bol k tu us se tbi bat kregi jb vo apni wife ko chd de tere liye or apni family ko btaye tere baare m .. he will never do it .. tjhe khud smjh aa jaega tere sath knsa game chal rha h ...
Let's not jinx it . Match abhi baaki hai mere dost ! :P """""""""""""""""""""" @authoramish : Looks like we're gonna win this one too !!!!!! :-) #IndvsSA """"""""""""""""""""""
#242 : I fucked up midsems by sending confessions to this page ... 4 of my confessions made it :D During . endsems I used this page widely . Only lukhha during endsems was to entertain myself surfing this page after each chapter . This page paced my rate of study and refreshed my mood as well ... A big thumbs up to this page and to the admins !
You 're such a great actor aamir sir . Good luck for Mr Paul and next film dangal .
@izhan_shareef Then you 'll be the first winner 🏆
@hacks4pancakes random query can captcha be recognised & added automatically ?
Proud for kapoor family work with Shri harivansh rai Bachan son gap of generation ..
super sir .. .. it is because of your magic and dedication .. .. i pray to god that let the world will play according to your tunes .. . we would like to see india should become super power in all the areas in your leadership .. . especially sports .. other than cricket .. .. .
Kick off ! C 'mon United ! #GGMU
@somalipjm @BANGEXO21 @xiummmin @ironicallynice PSY did it with Korean song Wonder Girls and CL did it with English song .
nice pic sallo bhai
@sambitswaraj @republic Ohh now issue is pak expose
Wish you a happy Diwali to you your family in advance
Racing is my life style change
Good work amir bhai . Lekin jab sawal desh ka ho toh Dangal Ka Mangal Toh Hoga Hi . Aapne desh ko . Intolrencs Kaha . Hum aapke Movie Nehi Dekhenge Theatre Mai .
@ARangarajan1972 Sir Mohit Sharma keliye woh cute Bird .. ko Nikalke .. kuch aur daalna padega ... He us ON FIRE 💕👍👏👌👌👌😂😂😂
FB 1501 - 13 years of ' BAGHBAN ' .. a film that touched the hearts of many a parent and their children ..
Her look dekh ke dil ghayal ho jata hai .
Happy birthday Madhavan .. and Love you Amir Khan !! !! !
@taslimanasreen Go 4 news channal Lady card player woman .. Did ur country kicked out ?
Sir , I want to say something important but as you wo n't read this I am not saying it now . Some Politicians meet directly many people even going to their home for begging votes during elections . They wo n't even meet atlesast 1% of them to ask problems during the 5 years of power . I do n't know if your MPs and you are of that type or not . Shame on people who voted for such type of politicians . An IAS officer sets up a Party in AP/TS and did n't won in atlesast one constituency . A senior most politician who belong to ruling party of one of states in India who was red handedly caught by with proof while trying to buy an MLC with bags of money can gather tons of people and can freely move on roads with sirens . I want surgical strikes on them and people who vote such people
Sir modi ji god bless and keep up the good work Happy Diwali Jai Hind
nice pic sir ji .. jai hind .. .
Amir ji aap to India chodna chata tha na .. .. to ye desh mein kyon bana raha ho .. .. Us desh mein jao jo apnko acha lagta hai .. .. Kyonki aap ka mutabik to India mein intolerance hai .. ..
The #airquality in #Delhi is like second hand smoke from 3 cigarettes in a day . PM 2.5 is 100.07 µ g/m ³ . 🚬🚬🚬 #KnowYourAir
Omg PC U Are preetty
DADA ji good morning aap abhi soye nahi keya baat hai Dada ji mujhe need nahi aati Dada ji aap so jao
1 reply msg kro
Propose dude . Give her flowers . Tell her how much you love her
yr bhumra ji . delhi wala bhi match jit jate . apne bol bat pe nhi lgai . strick bhi routet krte to 100% umesh sir match jita dete . chalo koi ni . newzland bhi . india ai h match jitne ek match unhe bhi jitne do .. good .
Sometimes I Just Want To Disappear .
LAGAAN its a good family we pray god may his soul rest in peace
hlo sir . i am a homoeopath . every state is recruiting govt jobs for homoeopaths but there are no govt.jobs for homoeopaths in punjab since lats 4 years . please look into this matter and slove our problems if you really care us .
Virat BHAI kal tumhari bjhese bhut rupee har gaya par koi parbah nhi paise ki bs tumhara balla chale I love virat BHAI
Best wishes for the movie Bhai
Super Dialogue by Pluto ( Aamir Khan ) in Dil Dhadkan do Insaan bhi Ajeeb hotha hai Baat Kehna Kaise se hai Magar Kehta kaise aur se . Aur Sab se zayda jo baat Kehna mein sharmathe aur Katraathe hai Woh hai pyar ki Baat , Mohabbat ki Baat , Arre yeah toh aachi baate hai . Ab Kaun in Insano ko samjhaya ka agar Dil Mein Kaise se Mohabbat Hai Toh kha kyu Nahi De te kha do . So I am telling you Mein Tumse pyar karta hu
pak me bhai launch karo india me krke kya karoge tumare asli bhai pak me hai apko bar bar yaad dilana pdta h
See the level of people doing phd , i dnt know wat shit they will teach to students ?
AAMIR SIR KE SATH EK PIC .. ..
The dangerous joginder to maverick in lagan to postman cum wrestler in swades he fitted them all . Rip
FINALLY
Kya yaar admin aaj pehli bar confession dala tha wo b nhi posy kiya aapne
Hum aur tum sweetheart .. ..
Some Muslims hate Modi for Gujarat Riot . then what about 100 of Hindu people Burned Alive inside the Train ? Godhra incident :( anyway real Indian Muslims does n't hate this guy
@INCIndia Oh ! No A ass is riding on Bullock .. .
hello sir aap great hai
Guru Govind do no khade kako lagu pay balihari Gurudev ki jinhe govind diyo dikhay
@raviyadavakpn @vandana_7 @PMOIndia @narendramodi Did he wrote how to rape in the book
Are sri Ashok Pandey ji ka kuch karange Up pravaktt sir
Very nice Amit ji Good evening
I was Rajan but I had to change my identity because I joined RAW . My mission is over so I am back to Rajan ;)
O ho kya ho gya h ese
MSD means Best in the world .. subject does not matter .
@OMGJaswant @EconomicTimes @PeeSafe Thanks @OMGJaswant
@IndiaToday @rajchengappa Nobody in the govt has accepted that economy is in doldrum bcoz of stupid demo . Who wants to embarrass the emperor .
waht is Rael Reltionship ? I m gving yuo an exmpl : Jsut c tihs msg . Evrey splleing of tihs msg is wrnog . Bt sitll yuo can raed it wihtuot ayn mistake . if u wnat true Raleti0nship ; jsut ignoer mistaeks .. .. .. and understand them .. .. .
Hamare p.m. sab se ache hain
@SrBachchan Oye balle balle .. aaeni late kam kar rahe ho , boss ... jaddhu di jhappi tuade laaye @poothegr8
Mr Modi God bless u good job sir Jai Hind
India should be one of the richest economy in the world . Work with your neighbours and you will see glory .
@mohit0205 @jayeshdewana12 @republic keep on speaking it 's own . ,
You say corruption is not going on sir ur mistaken there has been mass corruption in SAIL where srecretry him self being involved regarding Mediclaim Policy . kindly look into this matter .
@rinib1 92.7 FM pay neelabh misra 9.45 pm pay achee story sunate hain - bahut badiya - will tweet 1 more tomorrow - on honesty
CONGRATS BABUJI , IF YOU ARE THERE THEN ONLY PEOPLE WILL GO FOR IT & THE SALE OF THE MAG WILL INCREASE . CONGRATULATIONS TO THE """" GQ """" MAG FOR CELEBRATING THEIR 8TH ANNIVERSARY . THANK YOU VERY MUCH FOR CHOOSING THE MOST STYLISH & THE MOST ACCOMPLISHED PERSON """" THE AMITABH BACHCHAN """" AS YOUR COVER PERSON .
are yaar dekho sharukh bhai is smoking
@ar10praveen Exactly bro
Great teaching of Test Cricket . Sometimes Defense is also required
Bhak sale place bataun r koe kam nae h kya mujhe
salman sir change the pic yr
Apne bol diya matlb full and final ho geya
Kal to kohli ji ka bat bolega
#BRING_M3_B4CK …………..... FAST SITE : NITINX3 , TK <3 || RONI SAHA || NITIN PUWAR || <3
Mahi the captain cool looking very handsome . The great king of the cricket . Helicopter working hard for 2019 .
And you have a great night and with everyone else and you in joy and that is cool
Pari hw are u
Apis getting evolved : monolithic to microservice , and to serverless now . #technology #techevolution #technologyevolution
#258 [ M2K ]: back in the ' 90s H9 used to organize \ """""""""""""""""""""" socials\ """""""""""""""""""""" with Sophia college . Essentially we would arrange mega booze , weed etc , hire a bus and send it to Sophia , they would fill it with all sorts of girls , bus comes back to H9 , party happens in the party hall on top on the mess hall ... Everyone would be drunk and wasted , and boys & girls all had fun ;) Then in 1997 some moron OD'd and created a public nuisance , and all socials got banned . No more Sophia socials after that :( . . . . Here is a photo of the last social held at H9 terrace on 4 Feb 1997 . I am one of the people in it !
Modi sir has made the rest of world look Ordinary , India is the centre of All Economic Super Powers , do n't believe me see the Image .. .
Isco should square it up for others in those chances . Tight angle to shoot from , you ai n't no Cristiano , boy . ( no hate )
Sir sabhi tarf dhyan ja chuka hai , keval domestic security system par lagam deni hai . Ye log security guards ka kafi khoon choos rahe hai . 19000 -20000 rs lekar 9500 dikhate hai vo bhi pure 30 ya 31 din kam karne ke baad . Vardi ke bhi 1500/pair kaat lete hain . Jabki ye aisa business hai isme inke ghar se kuchh nahi lagta . Kindly do some thing .. .. . Thanking for you .
@Suchitra_Neel @viking_tiger @BhaktsBuster you have pakistani friends ?
@Anirudhsingh94 Do n't expect anything else from you guys . And maybe Karan could call me once in a while agar miss kar raha hai toh .
@MAHAJANACHAL The refund for INR 2005 is processed at our end with refund reference number 726419570417 .
@RailMinIndia @Pritpathak1 Pls share your PNR no .
FB 1505 - To them that bring greetings and love for my birthday .. my folded hands in gratitude .. namaskaar un sab ko jinhone hamesha apna saath diya , mere saath .. anek anek dhanyavaad ..
@pewdiepie Cooking 😁
Welcome to home . Vk .. delhi vaale taiyaar ha match k liye and home ground me century to banti ha
Mera saiyan superstar mera saiyan superstar
Waiting for untold story ;)
Yes """""""""""""""""""""" Power Of Perfectly """""""""""""""""""""" B 'coz Great And Wonderfuly Meeting 's then Biggest Respons and Supported ties all """""""""""""""""""""" BRICS """""""""""""""""""""" Faimily Thank You Goa and most Thank You Dear , A Big ' INDIAN ' Prime Minister Welldone . .. . .. . . :-)
go ahead and move to 7 rcr soon
hello my love , mujhe yaad korti ho na tum ?, love u , give me your love , take lot of kisses , let me love u my sweetheart
Do n't cut the feet despite the nose
OMG PC !! You looks so gorgeous . Just waitting for your upcoming film !!
As a teacher I thank you for your beautiful words ! :-)
shoib btaen aitraz team ki nakas performance sy hai ya misbah ki """""""""""""""""""""" tutti pajji """""""""""""""""""""" english sy ???
Jai Hind modi ji
To achieve something is an addiction which cn lead one 2 hope against hope .. . #positive #highspirit #jazbaa #success #againstallodds #passion
Hi Aamir sir .. . Your transformations are just amazing .. wondering what keeps you ticking to undergo so much of pain and still come out with flying colours .. .
Plz ek reply kro
@Varun_dvn @Asli_Jacqueline @taapsee You both are looking fabulous great no words sir for you .. ..
Ye aadmi Na kahi Aur na kabhi galat nai ho sakta . Fir chahe tum unhe roko , toko Wo aage badhte rahenge .. Aur ek din india ke saath bharat vasiyon ko aage lekar jayenge . They are god gifted . Aur aise insaan lakho me ek paaye jate hai . .. .. #Namo_Namo
how do u know ??? :P
Had Vardy not messed up that penalty a couple of days ago , this would have been a huge crisis for Liverpool .
bc .. kya zamaana aa gaya hia ... humein to aise nazaare kabhi naseeb na huye
@amburravi @sgdas2004 yes very true .
Virat sir aap se bada mahan cricketer koi nhi hai aur mai aap se request krta hoon ki aap brain lara ka record break kijiye test match 400 * innings ka please sir ye record india ke khate me aa jaye
Sir g amir Khan rocks
Hello salman sir do you hear me listen me it is me bina can you give me chance on your film for my song
Sir ye aapka ek or sarahniye kadam h . aadi vasiyo ko mukhy dhara we jodne Ka . plz utrakhand me bhi apnw charan rakh k uska udhar kare .
@PankajPawar07 She is suspended . Tc @sapnasinghmd
amitab h to boliwod h bad me sab khtam
After all , You are a good human being who can respect and make others happy so that you deserve both Modijiiiiiiiiiiii . Respect You - Be Happy Always .. .! !!
bhaijaan ! help m ¥ brother ahmad naeem . Please !
Anmol Actor Onliy Aamir Khan .. .. My Fvrt Hai
@AppleSupport @Apple @AppleSupport is this possible ? Looks weird to me 😶
The Saga of India and Russia friend .. Music in the air- ' Ye Dosti .. . Hum Nahi Todengey .. . Todengey Paksitan hum .. . par tera Sath na chodenge ' #Putin #Modi Rocks
@ttunni Sadly , the reserve day rule is only for world championship finals . I see WI going down today .. feel for Lewis .
Afternoon sir see you again phir kabhi mouka mila to hun jarura shayeri likhenge hum to shayer he
beautiful bollywood actor priyanka chopr . So cut
@imamrapalidubey Amazing
@AsYouNotWish @NilimDutta Charche har chappe chappe par hai , 😂😂
@pksbjp @UPNews360 Great to C Pankaj ji in every function and how did he manage to attend all functions is really commendable . Jai ho
I'm hoping this is a chick . :D also . Stalker FTW yo ! :D
Hiiii virat i am dja fov i 'm your big fan . i have a dream to see u in your home . i think that goes to truth .. .. .. .. . and your pic is always nice jhakass mast .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. . bye3eee
Bharat ki janta dhannayaa ho gyi h aise pm br br rhen hmare yhan
Miss those days of Indian Cricket !
The Great Modi nd Putin . . Love U both
Ewwwww , now I cannot eat the Maggi I just made .
What is your name of english movie ?
bhay I salut you for your wonderful 154 runs . lage raho .. ..
side effect of freebees \ """""""""""""""""""""" eating my bar-one\ """""""""""""""""""""" ... :P
@kamaalrkhan kamal bhai Aaj to poonam pandey cha gayi hai ........ hole credit goes to u
What do i have to do to get you to mail me a letter that you have kissed ? Seriously i want a letter you kissed like that omg i want ome so bad now . You are so beautiful !! ❤❤❤
hiiiiiiiii srk kya aap yaha cigrate pee rahe hai
Rock ★ of our Indian Cricket team , v r Happy & Proud of U .. ♥♥ .. G B U
Happy Birthday Ranbir Kapoor .
America had tried hard to disrupt these nuclear plants through various NGOs .
y u wana leav ua fmly'' ?. . or 2nd tmhare fmly membrz iz pge pr h kya ????
look mr rahul our lion
Sir kya fayda suryamitra training dene ka jab hamein koi job hee nhi mil rhi maine national institute of solar energy gurgaon se training li h mere full batch me se kissi ek ko bhi job nhi lgi aapne Hamare batch pe 15 lakhs lagaye fir bhi ham 2 months se ghar baithe h jab ki hamne India ke solar energy ke hub se training li h m toh ye soch rha hu agar hamein job nhi mil rhi toh baaki institutes valo ko kahan milti hogi maine bot emails ki ministry me companies me but kahin se koi reply ni aya plz agar aap mera msg pad le toh action le nhi toh government k 15 lakhs waste ho jayege hamari training waste ho jayegi plz sir nd mera koi Bhai agar is msg ko pade toh hamari baat pahuchane ki koshish Kare .. .
Idiot .. .. All is well .. .. . Greet movie .. .. Happy birthfay farhan !! !! !! !! !! !
ladkiyon ko hostel 14 ka ek wing kyun nhi de dete .... long distance se chutkkara milega n 3-4 hostels ka fayda ho jayega
#243 : Am I the only one who thinks the campus hub chick is hot ?
@Selinarai131Rai I like your all photos
Tumhe politicians ko mention karna cahiye tha is post main desh ko chalane wale to vo hain ..
Sab log aapke sath photo ke liye bolte hai .. aaj aap bol rhe ho .. . she is so lucky
@miakhalifamiami I know everything
@Ra_Bies In fact , Sonia Gandhi is the real NRI - Non Resident Italian .
Daer sir modi ji aap bahut hi ach kr rho ho but harayana me market commitee k secretary market fees tax incometax ki chori kar rhe h esse pure anaj ka data pta nhi calta ese roke bhart ko mhan bnan jasbir ar barwala
super .. .. but i am 21 year old , bachpan k din gaye bhai ..
@supaarwoman love you supaar ❤ ️ ❤ ️ ❤ ️
Well done sir thanks you sir great thinking and great working bharat mata ki jai Indian army ki jai jai hind
Modi Sahab jab aapne sabko apne rang me rang diya to aap kuch bhi kar sakte hain .. .. This is one of the best pics ever in Indian Politics era .. .
@Neetish Meant you ! Get the sarcasm !
@_amiteshSingh I hope Max should be 2 plyr Retention rule & 1 right to Match Card .. 3 thoda jyada hoga fir boring hota hai auction
gym me ho kya > ?
Everybody thinks they are the capable next boss until they have to write a theory . On ppt sillies !
Kohli bhai ap bahut smart ho bhai jab ap batting karte ho to apki kya soch rehti h
Gn folks .. see u guys on weekends now .. slp well .. nothing new has happened 😊 we are liverpool 🔴 #LFC
LOVE U MY LOVE
Confidence inki chaal mein saaf nazar aata hai , Jai Hind !
@hardik_rathod Well you do n't need it . 😎🤘
Chaploos aur matlabi insaan bht dekhe the pehle bt yahan tou hadd he khatam ho gayi ..
@PMOIndia @narendramodi But where is this Mr. Vikas , not to be seen at all ?
hai po mr. khan I am one of your fan here in Philippines .. . I had watch all your movie and I really really love them all because it cointains an idea or message which everyone can use in our daily life .. wish i could take some picture with you .. .
Dhoni is the best player in the world .. . D= Dynamic H = Hero O= of N = Nation I = India
Best chaser in indian cricket team you are fab .. . your performances are unbelievable and outstanding
Sabse zyada khushi to Star Sports waalo ko ho rahi hogi , unhe ' Jai Ho ' ke liye ek naya match jo mil gaya . #IndvsSA
dunia se jaane wale jane chale jaate h kanha ?
Honesty is an expensive gift and do not expect the same from people with vested interests . Action of Honest people always produce good results . Our PM is both morally and financially honest and His Honest actions will always produce fruitful results for the nation .
@Sharanyashettyy @ARanganathan72 What 's wrong with that ?
r8 esa hmari eco wali mam krti h kbi usne kisi b student ko 10 se above nh die
zindagi haseen hai zindagi se pyar karo ,
dude .. just move on !!! she never deserved you ..!!! chill .. next time please be with someone who likes real YOU !!! :D
I think u . Changed in Islam . ur style while see lyk that . No way sir pls hamara bharath mahan hey
#281 : There is a fat chick from the insti who uses my roomie . And a thousand other guys in the insti . I feel bad for you dogs , come on , open your eyes , you can do much better than a random slut who takes advantage of your tharkiness . Rise people . Rise .
Vk .. .. .. is the king .. .. of cricket ..
.. .. bachpan me sunte the .. .. . sach kaha hai bachpan aur budhapa SAME hota hai
Respected Modi Ji like America Balancing INdia and Pakistan Both Since long .. . Now is India Turn to do the same balancing with Russia and America .. . My small opinion only .. I know you and the Govt . Have got better Idea about it .. .
@therajmailasi I can feel your sigh .
Hats off modi ji
PM Modi is liked by all over the world because of his transparent , simple , human approach ; he is also knowledgeable , intelligent , wise and instantly touch upon the main point effectively and efficiently .. This is possible because of enrichment of his inner resources .. .. great PM .
@RjHarshil @ArmaanMalik22 Power of #Armaalians 👻 ❤ ️
vote ke liye ye kahan tk ja sakta hai ye modi ganda insann
@mikyroxx Super .
Wish u a Many Happy Returns of The Day Vinod Ji
@G_Singh_B This is amazing and real I want to know how you highlight the eyebrows hair and skin
@ArmaanMalik22 @TSeries @RashmiVirag @AmaalMallik @TeamArmaanians Excited for it 😍😍😍
legend is back .. love u Aamir bhai .. respect from Pakistan ..
@NewEverestNew @Gotham3 It is nice knowing you brother , have to take your leave for pooja now , catch you later
We need balanced growth and development of our nation which cannot come until and unlessvthere is complete peace and mutual cooperations among the nations of the world .
o my virat thaiq
Love u salman g
I am fan of Aamir but among hits movies I did n't like were dhoom 3 and Raja Hindustani
Virat Bhai . You 're long due for an ODI ton ! And I believe India is not playing many before the champions trophy ! I need no reply on this comment . Just make Mohali light up with some Kohli Fireworks and I 'll be satisfied you answered this ! All the best to you and Team India for a pre-Diwali Celebration in Mohali !
Life me kabhi mauka mila to mai virat se milunga onko mai onke khud ke bare me bataoo
Yeeahhhhh Bhai Dekha Maine Superbbb
@pehps_ Most of the times
Drunk people are fucking jokers .
Modi gaddhe ka bacha hai .
Mr Bachchan ye firqaparasti kis liye ?? ?? ??
PRIYANKA CHOPRA , you are looking elegant today because HENSON LORDE loves you forever .
he is my hero because with being indian cricket team 'scaptain he is paratrouper from indian army parashute regiment . my uncle was once in parashute regiment , but he is no more . but he is in my facebook account photos , and will be there forever . i am proud of our indian army , parashute regiment paratroupers .
@rockyandmayur Which range will you be in ? All ranges in Corbett has a different character
Again great innings awesome yaar .. keep doing we will enjoy your batting ..
Nice sir 3 agreements singned congratulations .. its very Proud for INDIAN s ' .
Talk for Make in India Lord of the Rings ?
@_pallavighosh What ’s that ? Perfume ? Wine ? Whisky ? Rum ? Vodka ?
#AMUSU I hope AMU will provide polling percentage as well as the percentage of girls cast their votes and also give NOTA option .
Sturridge .. you can fuck right offff .
wht is ur corrupt govt doing you cant even speak the country s heart without having the paper before you
Jis tarah ye batting kar rahe hai . Ek se ek hundred lagate ja rahe hai . lagta hai ye cricket ke sab record tod denge .. .. .. .. .. .. wah kohli bhai wah .. .. .. ..
@ThePreCambrian Main aur @mahobili aap se cheen ke apka khana khaein gein . Guaranteed !
This is so good :)
Bhai sachi you are not a sitguy
sab kaa khatma nahi denge nahi denge beimano ko desh nahi denge
I love the movie """""""""""""""""""""" Quantico """""""""""""""""""""" best of its kind .
@ManishSanklecha @ppbajpai Good bro
Cooll as like u
I can also relate to this as I too was always a curious being . I am sure you are not alone with this feeling . Hypothetically in every college , similar things happen every year . And everyone of us would like to say Best of Luck to the new team . About your experience as organiser , I am sure it will always be a memory to cherish :) And I am very sure , being a CG is not the only thing you can dream of , in life ? Dream Bigger . Amen
@itss_vaibhav Good Night 😂😂😂 ❤
Physics Department ..... I know that guy ...!. spotted him 2 days back before PH 103 exam
SO pretty like always kiss from France Priyanka Chopra :)
Taarif karoon kya teri jisne tumhe banaaya .. .. sir how you play continuously good cricket , i have no word to explain it . love you virat sir .
Haha .. .. .. all in modi jacket . It seems that modi 's magic is working . If this continued , then india will be definately at the top of the world in no time . I am a dieheart supporter of modi . Are you ?? ?
@narendramodi I always pray to almighty that the dream you have seen for a new India will come true
Started body building when I was 17yrs old , inspired by a similar poster you released for Ghajini . I am 25 now and now my fitness goals were broken for the last one year due to professional goals . But again you , with this poster made me hit the gym again with the same energy I once had . You are absolutely an epitome of perfection as always .. . hats off to your dedication sir .. . looking forward for Dangal
actor , model , producer , tv host , father , son , husband , brother mentor
Dear sir , meri Aur she desh ke jawano ko Diwali ki badhai Aur aapse ek request hai ki sabhi schools me higher education me military training compulsory Kate taking desh ka had beta Aur beti kisi bhi trouble ka samba karne ke liye hamesha taiyar rage .
@ICC @cricketworldcup @BCCI @TheRealPCB india ne jeet se surat ki h .. toss jita ab match bi ... hin ki saan HIDUSTAN
Conquer your fears or your fears conquer you
@Purav_Mehta Nothing in the release notes so presume “ miscellaneous bug fixes ” and/ or a critical security update Apple wanted to push out .
you are the best captain in world .. .. . u r hero in Indian army .. . we are proud of u sir .. .. love you dhoni .. ( sabjee )
I hav already seen fabulous nd bold acting 👍✌️ I truly appreciate a great director @ApoorvaLakhia has taken u as a cast .. . loads of luv . Ty .
Her melodious voice is admired by crores of Indians . Wishing @mangeshkarlata ji a very happy birthday .
' .. . its calling time . 👍
I think wearing weird clothes and chappals mean we are INNOCENT . Train us with your own risk :D
hope they recognised you ;)
dear government declare general category 's salary tax free as we do n't get reservations in any field
koi bhi ladki skr ko bas 3 words bolna cahaygi
@somalipjm @BANGEXO21 @xiummmin @ironicallynice What ’s this have to do with Big Bang ?
Putin and modi .. . both rock
salman i excited for ur big boss .. . waise kab start ho rahi .. . big boss ..
Nice amazing period for your , have a nice day to yu yaar
i love you bhai
#204 : Everytime I read this page my IQ goes down ...
#136 : RK ko to bahut pahele demolish karna chahiye tha ... Naya road banne ke baad bhi kitna din road ko block karke chal raha tha ...
Salam to all , my younger brother Emad is sick and admitted in karachi 's private hospital , please pray for good health and long life of my brother Emad . aamir bhai i like you very much .
Yeh kya fart hai ?
* tired not tried ffs .
@FCBNewsRoom That fckin Toprak 😑😑 , no discipline . Playing them onside all the time .
Woooow congratulations india virat u r just unbelievable no word to explain my feeling 's his class of consistency is unforgettable and i also congratulation maaahi but virat is best .. . that 's why peoples are love u all time fav the class of consistency is unbelievable unbeaten ton 154 * its something special and I 'm proud to have a fan of u .. .. .. .. Loves a lot keeped up grow up every virat kohli fan just blessed u
Why the fuck insist on building a squad when u r not even going to make 3 subs ?? Why is Ox bought ?
virat kohli aap har rekod tod shaktehe . muje malum he ki . aap 264 . vala rekod jald todoge . olda besht virat
admin plz promote this page
Papa radio pe aenge par shone men to pakistan se or f m bi nai sunti to mujhe plzzzzz maaf kar dena ok men bsss aapko hi dekhti or sunti hon or baki kisi ko nai love u oma
Kohli hai .. . kohli ke run har match mein barse jaise holi hai .. . kohli hai .. . kohli hai
lol !! no ... it's not !! :p
@pankajmishra23 @IndianOffice @rsrajat365 He he he he he .. .. 🤗
@OfficeOfRG @OfficeOfRG Are you slowly leaning towards @BJP4India .
@Ujala4u haaha .. hum aisy he hai biwi office mein kaam kion kry .. hahah
More such plants needed for our nation
Best of luck for the ODIs against NZ$ we whitewash them 5-0
most well come to Dharamshala
Miss you rancho . farhan and raju . Well come back idiots
Ye Veet ke . ad . main wo ladki kitni gandhi aur over acting karti hai . Ye girl models ko itni Galatfahmi kyon hoti hai ki wo badi actress hain
Happy Gilmore ka remake
Captain Dhoni , your USA Tour will be Successful . All the best . #DIPSHIKHA .
best of luck virat sir and today you make centuary .. .. gadhe yogesh
@SagoonIncorp A3 ) Connect - Share - Earn #SagoonPreDussheraContest
Sadly this feminist brigade took away the God gifted quality of woman “ compassion ” . If you closely observe most successful they r all humble
check out this link start earning
na na ... tum bahut chu .. panti ki harkat kiye :P :D
@m_indicator Then why so much of chest thumping that commuting will be better after new announcement on Dussera
Ram mandir design shall be world class with one of seven wonder of world All morden facilities shall be there
@EmmaWatson @foxville_art U remind me hary potter fil .
Both PM John Key & I recognise the need for more economic engagement between India & NZ particularly in food processing , dairy & agriculture . At a time where terrorism remains a big challenge to world peace , India & NZ have agreed to strengthen security & intelligence cooperation .
Good morning to bachhan sir you are my grand DaDaji Love you Dadajii
Pawan Tez ..!!
pyar wafa kasme vaade vade h vadoo ka kya
@moonsez When I see your dp on TL
Abhi koi mayi ka lal paida nhi hua jo bina virat ke virat ko out kr sake .. .. .
i thnk u shud nt thnk much abt abt x . . n vo iss layak bhi nhi h ki tum usse luv kro . . jb vo tumhari respct hi nhi krta tw kya khaak luv krega . . n jesa tumne kha ki vo kisi aur k sath h tw fir vo avei hoga . . tympas sbke sath so u also , jst move on bhul jao us stupid ko
kuchh waqt pahle gareebo ka khana hota tha pyaz par ab ameero ki shan hai pyaz
@ReallySwara Goodby Naxali and jehadi thinking from Press .. .. .. .. ..
hello mr. khn how r u ?
@chachas_rocket @Uber @Olacabs I know but my most encounters are these cabs drivers only .
@RubikaLiyaquat Exactly and Aapko Bhi Rubika
@MikaSingh Soo sadd 😑😑🙏 @mikasingh
Congrats champion batsman .. Hats of to u .. . England ko isase jyada pito yar ..
Congratulations many more . . jumps at Agra It 's fun to land at DZ .
Me Indore m hi bhi :-)
humhe to loot liya milkar husn valo ne sonakhsi ke galo ne ranveer ki bato ne
bBap ka sikha ya agay kam ayeh ga !
Aamir baba India me to tumko or tumhari family ko dar lagta hai jish desh me dar naa lage sir waha movie ko release Kar ke dekh Pata chal jaiga or india ki kamaye dekh lenaa itnaa bolne ki baad bhi sub bhul ke tumhari film hit Kar dege
Diwana men chala usse dhondne bare piyar se
@Grammar_nazzzi @venkatananth Pattern of one game a week . Slow build . Etc . Non this nonstop 24 7 games . All the time . Overkill .
Man of the match #Dhawan : Dhamaka dika diya bhai tune👍👏 #IndiaVsSouthAfrica
@YssKhagria Thanks for following
Thalaaaaa we miss you so much
Hm jahan khade ho jate hain .. Line wahan se suru hoti he .. Haayen .. .. .. ..
New Zealand is full of healthy people .. .. cultural and social exchange may benifit the people of both nations .. .. ..
U will cheat ur husband too ...
Happy Divali Happy New year modiji jayjavan jyhad
@khabarbaazi Ishant ko mohit ne replace kar diya #IndiavsSA
@RanaAyyub thank you for pointing out the patriotism of @SirPareshRawal which I had missed . Let 's wait for the next story they come up with .
PM it 's good to build International Relations but also think upon Reservation system in India .. . Atleast forms fee should be same for all the candidates , how it could be possible for a General category unemployed person to spend Rs 1000 on filling a form and same form for SC/ST/ Reserved category costs only Rs 150 . Rs 1000 for unemployed person is huge amount to ask parents to give .. . It 's not justice and annoying too .. .
Heart touching movi your and hemaji chemistry was marvelous . I want to meet u once . I wish you love health . And happiness
I bet this confession was posted by the Matki chick herself ... the way some pathetic women send themselves flowers at work ! LoL
Jay ho , congratulations team India
Ldki to dusri mil jayegi par dost dusra kaha dhundega : -> pgle
@TechRax Already watched bro .. . Any giveway coming !
@btwnfaultlines @WaterBaker Lectures of vinay lal on British history could come in handy . They 're on youtube btw
Koi to rok lo ise wrna ye dunya tabah kr dega
Good morning amitji Agni pat film I lik
Hopefully putin is going to be a best leader in the world .. .. .
Veriy nice sir ji
Ha thk kha bt har ladki ek jaise ni hoti i known kuch girl aisi hoti h jo money par depend krti h bt sare ladke bhi loyal ni h 50% ladke ladkiya dhokebaj h
Shantanu Sathe :D
Wishing our dear #ManmohanSinghJi a very HappyBirthday ! The man who transformed India2a super pwr wht it is 2day ! The true Captain Courageous !
@tterIndia @ood_sigmaa @bhak_sala @AltNews @abpnewstv They are out on bail . Har kutte ka din aayega .. 😏 Bhushan included .
Happy friendship day bhai
logon ko RIP english likhne ki itni aag kya hti hai ... :/ :/ ek word mistyp b hgya to rip english as if khud to shakspere ki aulaad hn ... huhhh ...!!!
@MeghnaFoodMagic Nice meghna frnd
A sweet surprise of Team #Baahubali at Sony Max Event .. ! I miss #Devasena though !! !
True Story and ab normalization ne engineering colleges ki b maar li :(
2 mistakes of my life 1- we met 2- we fallen in love
Main sirf tumhare liye roja rakh rahi hu plss .. Salman tum meri sath kab miloge tum kya SMS nehi dkihte .. Tum to abhi bhi ho line ma .. Main kon hu tum jante hona ?
Bitches are so evil :))
@digvijaya_28 All are fake like your argasm .
Prernastotra .. .. .. india needs generation who have thoughts like u .
@chinalinestan @baekzyxing plus shipping • _ •
I am feeling pity for the Muslim fellows who are debating in TV against triple Talaq while giving slip to abandon the wife is accepted form of culture in India today . Even adored as an essential part of Patriotism and Surgical strikes .
Yeh movie ekbar fir se old record todegi ! When you talk about Aamir Khan you talk about Perfection !
@Selinarai131Rai Wanna Friendship with you please follow me back
bhaijaan freak ¥ ali me aapka special appearance toh hona hi chahi ¥ e tha . Like in the song din me karenge jagrata . This t ¥ pe of song suits ur personalit ¥ .
Dear PM you are best of them all .. . I salute .
@AnthonyMartial makes it 2-0 from the spot .. @ManUtd on a roll they are all over @PFCCSKA_en #ChampionsLeague
daadhi kab nikal rahe ho sir . aadhi india ki team daadhi badhye baithi hai .
#275 : Reply to #258 : . . I am one of the girls from Sophia in this pic , very pleasantly surprised to find it here :) we had a good time , 2 of us got superdrunk and we had a good time at IIT . I remember there was this bunch of stoners making joints and lying flat on the dance floor . The guy waving , anyone has any idea where he is now ?
Hm aapko chahte he sir .. . aapka dhanyavad nhi .. . aapka pyar chahiye .. . love u sir
Could n't beats this team full of Farmers .. .
Tu to India leave karne wala tha kya hua kab jaane wala hai
That 's the reaction when you realise jio is free till 3 December only !
BRICS event in India at this point of time itself is an instinct that Its time for India - ache din ayenge . Modi Ji , we are not in hurry , all we need is a stable and solid base in foreign relations so that no devil nation can think against our country in future .
Have you tried to figure out a person ? Have you tried to know why are they the way they are ?
Ajj nah kabi nahi to Happy friendship day me to friend to kar sakthe ho na Aap .. ..
V nice sir ji
Sir , I respect you as our honourable PM Irrespective of what approach you have towards our community , You represent our country , Sir , Just like you have been wishing and making efforts on Diwali , I will be very much happy to see EID wishes from your side , It is not a complaint rather it is my expectation as a citizen of the country from my country 's PM Moreover I wish u a very Happy and a Prosperous Festive Season , May Almighty grant all of us wisdom , love and tolerance for one another
dadaji budaphe m satiyha gye h ... only namo at any cost
bhag bhag re bhag upa narendra modi ji aye
@indiatvnews @OfficeOfRG looking like a legend .. good going sir .. . congress win 2019 poll .
Bacchan sir ji , Bemisal film he ! Ab kaha Banti esi muvi .. ..
Now today I would say without any hesitation that you are an achiever !! ! Hats off to my P.M. !! !
wow kyalag rahe ho
why is india not doing better in foreign market . I know
har har Modi ji .. .. .. PM sir me bhole nath se prathna karunga ke aap kender me 20 years rhe
Since #DeMonetisation process begun #ManomohanSingh declared that 2% fall will be in GDP & acurately hapend same for India GDP . @OfficeOfRG
kya baat kya baat kya baat
Jo isne kaha wahi Tere Modi nay kaha .. . t
@Bajaj_Finserv please help . I am very hassled by these unwanted messages . And they come both during the day and at night .. .
Happy fendship Day bhai jai
kolhi ka jabab nahi ,,, only kolhi fans allowed to hit like batton luv u virat ,,
Dangal top movie hogi is year ki sir ur a amazing actor in bollywood .. .. .. .
@AmazonVideo is down ? 🤔
@ChelseaFC HE 'S COME FROM SUMMER SPAIN , HE 'S BETTER THAN HARRY KANE 🎵🎵🎶
Abhi to toss jita hai ab match ki bari hai ... #IndvsSA #CWC15 #IndWins
BOT BYE ❤ ❤ #HAROON_UR _RASHEED ❤ ❤ #AWAIS_ANMOL ❤
She lived in her own flames , sometimes burning too bright
Welcome to INDIA Honourable PM MR John key , Best Wishes and God Bless him . Praise the Lord Amen
you are the true leader sir yes we want to fight poverty and not any religion
@WomeninTechChat keeps fluctuating bw 8-10 depending on how my code is working 😂
@Cheekuadu Ohh u should check the ultimate truth ipk2 without gul n chandni to die so charun story begins ✋✋😂😂😂😂😎😎😎
Not until we are lost do we begin to understand ourselves . -Henry David Thoreau
@ibfindia Crime petrol shows so much of voilence especially with children , why is there no check , it is very disturbing to watch .
@ijustine Good night All the way from my lovely INDIA ♥
why dont these countries install solar and other renewable energy plants in india .. . coz it is safe , all they want is to exploit our land and water
@xIN_8 @keshav_10 Huh ? What do you call it then ?
U too MSD .. .. Even HUGH JACKMAN to is there .. .. Have u met him
@DiabeticPanda_ could I have your email to send you a copy of Bag Exchange
if you are really honest and really want to do good , you should begin by returning all the wealth stolen through robert vadra and hoarded in swiss banks
btw if u dont have any experience dont try silly thing like opening startup .
Can n't thank you enough sir for making a movie like Tare zameen par .. you changed the life of millions of kids out there .. Respect
@KKTweet5 @ShirishKunder No , it 's because you can n't screenshot the mirror . 😂😂
National game hockey and state game kabadi , support panna evanum kanom . Cricket mattum nalla support pandranuga . Lazy gamers .
Happy birthday sir madhavan .. . and iloveyou #SirAamirKhan !! !
“ Do work that matters . Vale la pena . ” Today 's #GoogleDoodle celebrates poet , writer and scholar Gloria E . Anzaldúa … …
@DeepikaBhardwaj It wo n't be rational at all . Everything must have some logic .
Im from pakistan ane have best wishes for u from pakastani ppl . ur really good actor
Tonight on #SDLive : - #TheHypeBros @MojoRawleyWWE & @ZackRyder Vs @WWEUsos @WWEDillinger Vs @BaronCorbinWWE
@DeepikaBhardwaj Wondering what more important came up ! Any idea ?
@ShashiTharoor Stop Playing this Pseudo-Secular Card and Start taking some strong measure to improve INC 's Condition like Replacing RaGa .
government should stop wasting my hard earned tax money on the poor and spend it on subsidised whiskeys at army canteens rt if agree freinds
i want c really mr modi as pm fed up frm congress go to hell congress
@PositivityPack ❤ If u will attached with God always , never be feel stress in ur life ❤
@Lijo_Mathai Thank you for sharing this with us . We have shared this with traffic branch . ( Traffic helpline whatsapp no . 8454999999
Bharat mata Kay Lal .. great Namo ko Naman .
IB slot brought 2 dbo slot 1.6 avg is 1.8 .. . IB slot brought 1.9 dbo slot 1.6 avg is 1.7 (This week ) only loss n loss #Ishqbaaaz
Parallels between #StandWithBHU and their predecessors #StandWithJNU . And neither case will Vice Chancellors + govt show any accountability
So , while memes continue to thrive on our deepest insecurities , we continue to thrive on laughing at them . #MEMES #Forever #WhatALife #wtf
Thank you . “ On Rosh Hashanah wishing you peace , happiness , good luck God ’s blessing and success . L ’shanah Tovah ! Happy Rosh Hashanah ! ”
One of the most stylish car Datsun redi-GO Gold 1.0 L #VoteForGold @DatsunIndia
@urstrulyMahesh Love the film . MaheshBabu . you are exceptionally good . 💖💖💖💖
#250 : Dear Admins , you all are mad . Please close this page , it hurts our feelings .
Will the BJP just dump demonetisation and GST on Arun Jaitley 's doorstep ?
#Mughals ignored industrialization & instead focused on building gigantic structures . Our #politicians are following the same .. is n't it ?
More economy goes down , more fascist the government will become . We should be prepared .
I just wanna watch Takeshi 's castle with Javed Jafri 's commentary all day long .
@veejay_k U gve back2back powerful prfrmcs from1month u nailed all 👏 ur bynd incredible & perfection .. keep blessing us wid ur fab prfrmcs ❤ GN 😙
Gems from Chancellor of Vice of #BHU from a year ago !
@RailMinIndia 12430 Lucknow AC Exp . Train departure time from NDLS at 11.25 pm , yet no sign of train on platform even at 11.27 pm
one more legend has left us may his soul rest in peace he ll always be with us with his golden voice
congress vice president rahul gandhi seems to have invited trouble with his isi see more
it hurts like hell when someone makes you feel special , then suddenly leaves you hanging , and you have to act like you do n’t care at all .
@brajeshlive And I remember you as the journalist , who give the first report from BHU .
DHONI .. Dynamic Hero of Nation India .. I Salute your devotion in the cricket and other field .. .
Assalamualaikum . Masha Allah ex lent Mister perfect Ameer khan saab
@Bhawna_Sharma These WhatsApp groups will one day be the death of professionalism
Tried copying the pose of The One and Only THALAIVAR
Virat is the best in the world he is playing heard aggression and wor on wor sound actaking
I have so much proud that i am a resident of agra and i have seen Msd
How the hell am I gonna tolerate so many Cheap people in biggboss 😡
reply to mr gandhi for his day before yesterday s speech
To strangers : Do you know him ? Do you know him ? Not you , him :P
@taapsee Is it a good idea to go USA to watch your movie or mumbai ? #Fanthinking
after 9pm , we have another party to attend buddy .. ;)
kumar_basant Hi Basant . We 'd like to move the conversation to DM . Please follow us and let us know when you have . #Google
@xIN_8 @keshav_10 No . Backpack . Was n't talking of phone case lol
Really a huge loss .. .. My first look to him at the sword of tipu sultan .. .. & of course as Guran in Lagan .. .. RIP
Virat kohli best batsman in the world .. Then , ab deviliars and others .. Am also fan of #Virat support indian cricket team .. respect from #Bangladesh
Mnudhu India machine won cheyadhi taruvata profiles pictures pneddur okkan
this is why I reacted the way I did back in freshman yr when I heard you and rag talk about PC Romit Gupta
@evidx I am interested in obtaining this twitter handle . Please get in touch with me to discuss the potential transfer ? Thanks .
Their is only one word in world enemys enemy is friend and enemy of USA must unite and be with north Korea and teach lesson to USA
@md_minhaj Your loss , the internals vary . Have access to both , seen the difference .
Is pure world mein aisi Koi country nhi jahan Pe Virat ka koi FaN na ho Love u virat respect frm PAKISTAN :-) :-)
Dear @shalabhmani , surprised behavior of @NewsWorldIN anchor , She did not give U time to reply on #BHUClash . Lady anchor behave was not good
Guran of Lagaan -- such a memorable character , so funny and fierce ; the postman cum wrestler from Swades -- RIP .
#252 : I am not an IITian but this is for a guy in IITB Mech . T.S. you're an overgrown pompous inflated braggart , stop flaunting that you're an IITian . Some of you deserve respect but not guys like you who don't respect girls and treat them as objects . I have said all this on your face too so it won't be that hard for you to guess who this is . Just a last reminder start respecting girls before its too late . They aren't toys for you to mess around ! With love , your Lucknow schoolmate . I wish I never had a person like you in my life and I am ashamed that I called you a friend in the past .
humne aaj tak kabhi bhi apna birthday nhi manaya sir ji inn daksalo mein kuchh nhi rakha vaise bhi aadami apni ek saal age kam hi karta hai har saal phir what birthday all about . .
Steve was always a great philanthropist . Great cause to support Virat . Lots of love and good wishes .
@SmitaM7 Ms. Dharika to not to cancel and she did inform you that cancellation was not done , because cancellation process was being dealt
@jafferladak Also , it 'll be great if you could make a list of all the books you recommend and share it here . So much reading to do !
i wish aap apni dhyan rakho .. aur pls faaltu tesn naaa lo .. . aur 40ki age tak aapka raaaj hoga world cricket pe .. .. pls take care aaap kohinoor se keemti ho bro .. .. pls saare record khusi khusi tuutne k liye wait kar rhe hai .. . records b khudko fortunate samjenege ki usko Virat King Kohli ne toda .. .. all the best bro Virat .. .
@MrCippy But what bugs they have fixed with this update #iOS11 11.0.1 ?
Burki is an awful goalie . How does he keep letting them in on his near post ? First Kane now Ronaldo .
A molten evening between the reddish sun and the moonlight 🙃
Besharm ho kya yaarrrr .. . Aish k baad koi ko pasand karta tha to o tum thi . Ki c ne sahi kaha hai .. farmayes leker industry me aane waali aur ek profesional actor me bhut diffrences hote hai .
hi sir hw r u gd mrng hve a nce day spl for u
#syed_ahmad_ali a great indian army officer as well as great tennis & golf player .. hatss off
sirji aap ki saphaltaa me mannaday sir ka bahut yogdan raha hai aap kii janjir yaari hai iman mra yar meri jindgi ka git bahut yadgar hai
@EsportsDunc He 's up there with the best . No question about that . Lewandowski perhaps ?
Badal Rahe hai Aapne Hindustan ko Hamare Priye Honhar Damdar Great Prime Ministar Shri Narendra Modi ji Vikas ki Majbut sarkar Bjp sarkar sab ka sath aur Sab ka Vikas Kar rahe hai Hamare Priye Damdar Great Prime Ministar Shri Narendra Modi ji
#229 : #AcademicOfficeFail I appeared for ES 200 endsem exam twice in the semester and got a FR in HS 200 :-/ #Aero
Just move ahead .. .. .. . we r proud of u . kamiyabi aapki madam chumgi .
#249 : I just dunno how to talk to girls . But then I think what the fuck do I want to talk to a girl when all I want is to have a little fun , to have romance . Many kanjoos people who dont wanna spend money have gf's and they TALK to them and walk along the lake etc ... I may not have much to talk about but I'm a big spender . I'm . feeling totally depressed when I see cheapo couples in IITB .
@THE_RanjitBajaj @PenguinIndia @Minerva_AFC Hope to have a book release in Chandigarh by October 10 .
my mental condition same as u filling , we are missing the golden star of voice / singers ,,,
Terroriston ka baap hai , Modi . Bharat ki Shan hai Modi . Jai Hind Vandematram
Happy birthday sirji jiyo hazaro sal
Sir ji very nicc lagcha
Virat please last match india ko jita dena.it is diwali gift for india .
Tume valo na kala saden ar varot gata na ti tumaka aro long time bating korta hoba I cai tume prote mesa 100 karo .. .. . all the bast .. ..
Jai mata di sir . Khush raho Sada Ye diva hai meri . Kabi ankh me Anson no aaye Ye Tampa hai meri . His jagah se niklo chahne walon ki beer ho yehi ichha hai meri .
World diplomacy has become more complex than ever before . India is building stronger relations with Saudi at the same time strengthening friendship with Iran . Same is the case with Indian relations with USA and Russia . This is what Iran is doing with India and Pakistan . Sri Lanka is doing the same with India and China .
respacted Sir .. before sometime i hear in the bihar . rs 10 coin does not accept any shopkeepers nd retailer . so it is right govt of india , reserve bank of india its coin has closed .. .. this humour is spreading in Bihar . so keep the reaction to this matter sir .. .. thanku sir
I am a fan of you guys .. . farhan , raju and rancho .. . some of the lines in the movie was really happen in reality .. . i always repeating the movie ( 3idiots ) everytime im down and remember you guys .. .
bhai yeh galat baat hai .. . team india ki jeet sirf aapki upor nirvor korta hai jo bilkul na insaafi hai , agar aap match winning pari khelta hai tab team jitta hai .. . warna team india ko jeet mount averest nazar aata hai .. . aise kab tak chalega
He is Rajesh Vivek not someone .. . RIP Rajesh Sir .. . Sarfaroshi ki tamanna ab humare dil mein hai .. .. Dilwale ko uski Intolerance dikha di .. .. .. Dangal ab humari manzil mein hai .. . Dadri pe rone wali hain jiski biwi .. .. aaj malda pe wo biwi khus kyu hai .. .. Dekhna hai jor kitna bajue kaatil mein hai
Excellent ModiJi , My India is moving Forward , be close with your Friendly nation . We hope your economic strategy with other nation would change India as Strong and wealthy and Your doings making India dazzle ModiJi , Go on , Shine India .. .
You all must 've bonded wonderfully during the lunacy of Lagaan .. As we near 50 , we start hearing about and discussing health , weight , sugars , cholesterols , aches and pains with our friends .. in 20's and 30's we never knew that there were some special ways of relaxing .. now need to listen to small warning signals .. Take care .
You are all time best . .. waiting for dangal . .. The next movie I am going to watch in cinema hall . .. only you & your movie has the ability to give superhit with quality
For a quick second i though that was Trump behind her and i was all like """""""""""""""""""""" Noooo .. .. dont let him stand behind you and watch his hands at all times """""""""""""""""""""" !! !! !!
I saw him many other films and in Lagaan too .. he was an osm actor although di d not get his share in the industry .. . very sad to hear this news .. . Sincere condolences & pray for him .
Assalam u alaikum .. .. . mai apki ak bohot bra fan hoo
Ie gana son . Everybody know virat kohli is a randian Dhoni is a randian Ashwin is a randian Rohit is a randian Madhuri is a randi Akshay is a randian Modi is a randian And do n't forget Sachin is a randian Randians randians Randians randians
Histry histry .. . virat paida hi huwa hai recod todhne k liye weldon virat .. .. .. Is se badha pleyer abhi koi desh m nahi hai .. .. ..
A BIG BIG Congratulations to team INDIA . Coach Balwan singh is do much energetic to see on court with team ! Hard luck to IRAN-Meyraj sheikh and team . Better luck next time . It is better we keep Anup off the court . Deserving players like Rahul and deepak hudda should be in playing team .
Sir sir nenu meeku biggest fan entha ante India team batting start ayyindhante first wicket eppudu padathadi ani eduru choose Vanni sir sir plz ur contact number plz plz
HELLO Aamir , i saw where interview you Apologised to country .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. . Aur sunaoo ajjkal kiran ko aur tumko kitna dar lag rha hai .. .. .. .. .. Aur ekk request ho skee toh leave India .. .. .. ..
Gareeb nawaz ka qual farmaya .. . k jindagi hamesha jarurat k mutabik jiyo kbhi khwahishon k mutabik nhi kyu ki jarurat ak fakeer ki bhi uri ho jati hai . or khwahish badhshaon k bhi adhuri rah jati hai
<3 BOT K BADSHA || FEEL THE POWER OF KING BOT TEAM <3 <3 CHAUDHARY WAQAS <3 UMER CHAUDHRY <3 ZAALIM KHAN <3 AYESHA RAJPUT <3 HASEEB RAJPOOT <3 MARYAM MALIK <3
Kapil to Ross taylor Kapil : mujhe ab bhi yaad h jab aapne 2016 me India ke against kohli ka 6 run pr catch dropped kiya tha or kohli ne 154 * run banaya or aap match haar gye the
Vaz on for Bale . I hope Bale is fine . He looks okay imo . Must be a minor strain or niggle . Another great game for him . Vamos . 💪
Khedu nu pan vicharo saheb
#291 : I am really thankful to guy name KISHORE who works in Academic Office . I think most of you must be aware of him , the one man army , the unsung hero who must have helped majority of junta around here ... He helped me several times with registration pain . Here is someone who won't ignore you and send you to somebody else's door . He knows more rules and regulations then my FACAD and HoD combined regarding registrations ...
Sie , doordarshan per har roj ek desh bakhti ki movie honi chaiya or shat shat mein chankya jaise serial bhee hona chayia sir , aap yeh naidu ji ko directions dey sir
#312 : Unlike guys who can only get it off one way , we girls can get off in different ways ... we just need a bit of friction and rock back and forth . Sadly there are no handshowers in the hostels here ( D-uh whoever designed the girl's toilet block ) but it's easy to rock back and forth in the liby ... I did that once while mugging with a classmate . He had NO idea ...
Wow !. . nice tshirt .. good job Paul .. and u also Mr. A .. yeah ! save Rhino .. campaigne .. not only in Vietnam also in around the world .. Captain Andrew Russell ( Lagaan ) Harry Dresden ( The Dresden Files ) -- -- Philippines -- -- -
Wish Dada had Virat Kohli in his team . India shud have easily won 2003 WC . Imagine the batting line up with Sehwag , Sachin Tendulkar , Yuvi , Dada n Dravid .. OMG !! !
You r the best batsman of this generation , whenever India are in pressure situation u r the one who save us , best of luck for the final game hope that u could win it for india
aap loogoo koo facebook pay har kisi say chat nahi karni chahiye issay aap logo koo aam lag rahey hai khass nahi aur apki filmoo par bhi iska parabaav par raha hai
abe sallu saale jail se bachne me yahi madad kiye na Teri ?? saale ghoos khor .. .. .. . koi bhi actor ko neta se dossti kyu ho sakti h sab ko pata h par sallu fans maante nahi h
FB 1497 - Back from work .. . !! ! Started at 7:30 am for the Banega Swachch India campaign .. a Cleanathon for 12 hours non stop LIVE Tv .. finished by 9 pm .. then recording for S3 and now home .. !!
So @RajkummarRao blinks a certain way through #Newton and we did n't want to blink at all , so as not to miss any of that subtle magic , Kudos !
@narendramodi Now can you repeat that in simple English , sirji ?
Wow Sir . .. U The Real Legend Hero N An Awesome Actor N Awesome Legend Too .. . Bollywood Ka Badshah The One N Only Angry Young Man Mr Amitabh Bachan The Legend . .. It 's The GQ Magazine Fortune . .. Founded A Real Legend . . L ❤ ve U Sir
a actor and a sports person specialy cricketer which one is good actor on real life .. .. its realy difficult to choose one of them .. .. now i continue to comedy nights with kapil sharma nd navjot singh sidhu as a judge .
Gaav .. o me jab khatar milegaa aasaani se .. . tabhi .. .. DAP .. .. uriyaa .. .. orgenics . . khaatar .. .. .. . tab .. .
Actually all those r mere excuses ... No one dumps anyone unless they've already found someone better . She's just trying to hide the fact that she was double-timing on U .. Samjhaa bitwaa ? Doosri pakad ley ..
Parso hi 19 ka huya hun aur abi tak single hun .. Tu sale 4th me hi ladki baji karne lag gaya tha kamine dusri dhoond lo ;) nhi lgega k ye wala pyar tha :P
Since last few decades , terrorism has become a great threat not only to one Nation but whole World . Efforts being put by our Hon 'ble PM to awaken the peace loving countries worldwide to tackle it is highly appreciated , which will definitely helped to enhance well-beings & quality of Life of human race across the Globe . Jai Hind .
Nice but whr r u sir .. . Ap to dikhae nh dee rhe ho .. . Ohhh i see ap to ladkion ko #Dream ho .. . I big fan of ur luv uhhh sir .. . #Sultan #BeingHumanSalmanKhan
hogaya bhai game hai two team khelti hai to ek hi jeet sakti hai khushi ise bat ki hai jis tarah se nichle kram ke batsman fight kiye .. .. . you guys r rocking .. .. .
Sir aisa hi khelte rahna Bharat Mata ke liye Ek Din hamara desh No 1 jarur hoga .. .. .. . aap jai se longo se sir .. . jai hind .. .
President Vladimir Putin and Russia are indeed our great mate diplomatically , economically and in nuclear support . Wish to maintain this good relation . As a friend in need is a friend indeed .
As fast as a machine cmpltes it work , virat is making his runs and d machine which has never made bfre .. .. ur fab Virat Nd d best bestman ever Nd ever .. .. keep on rockng virat
Mr. PM N . MODI ,,, Trust Russai is your & Ours best Friend .. . Ru never cheat .. . though their ignorance of Iran ADVICES for the delivery of S300 & Delayed Completion of Nuclear Power station hurted their obligations .. but this was USA/ISRAEL game .. now Russai delivered may be more ,, because they know what USA & EU planning for the WORLD .. ALL TERROR & WARs .. . BE CAREFUL OF YOUR NEIBOURs .. & MUST COME INTO BETTER AGREEMENT WITH PAKISTAN OVER KASHMIR TO DEFUSE THE TENSION .. . INDIA & PAKISTAN & BANGLA MUST BE GOOD FRIENDS .. BECAUSE THEY ARE ONE & HOPE TO REMAIN ONE .. .
Friend how can u say that ,, although I m a graduated from TN .. there in Theni no electricity from 9 to 4 .. do n't u guys need a change .. the lion share belongs to u dude .. . keep thinking before u blame .. our PM is different .. .
sir after u getting out , all indian players are goin like a flash . hope u control that flash in next match . best wishes from the biggest fan of vk from arunachal pradesh
I enjoyed 3 idiots so much simple story line but you managed deliver a very important message which many educators and parents overlooked waiting for more of your movies salam from your big fan Mubashir Ali khan Islamabad
Wa paji chha gye tusi to
BC agle match me yadav aur bumrah hi opening batsman ke taur par aayenge . bc batting bhi wo karenge aur bowling bhi wo karenge . people blame bumrah but no one blame top order batsmen . shame on u .
i am just waiting for your back up so that everyone can know who is the best nd i think this golden ticket is provided to you by your new film dangal
koi girl ya married housewife h jo akeli bore hoti ho aur khul k bat krna chahti ho wo mere inbox me aake bs messge kr do trust me hmari bate secret rahegi jaldi se messge kro jise aana h
I love my cricket yas kay no i ma Bast cricket Aditya Tomar
#239 : A girl who worked on campus asked me out but I wasn't confident about my future so I declined and stopped talking to her . It was a hard and painful decision for me but I was pretending to be very casual about it . Yesterday we had a small chat and she told me that she is not working here anymore ! I am feeling really really very bad , we had not been talking for more than 15 days and I was the only reason for it but still there was a feeling that somehow we are close to each other . Now we are no longer on the same campus anymore , and I have never shown her my true feelings :( #OneWhoGotAway
.. #Virat sir aap really Rockstar hai .. .. .. ! Or aap 125 caror logo k dilo ki dhadkan h .. . or m aapka bhut bda fen hu .. .. .. !! !
#266 : I was thinking of joining the admins at IIT Confessions and actually helping out . Then I realized , who am I kidding ? It's so much more fun laying back and reading someone else's hard work .
Lala thoda attitude kam pls bhai .. .. lovely innings but thoda attitude kam .. .. . Baki sab thik hai .. .. Aap Hindustan ki jaan ho .. . A virat Fan
Looking gorgeous and ravishing as always in this beautiful artwork , dear Priyanka . <3 :-) Wishing you a very pleasant and peaceful night full of sweet dreams . <3 :-) Take care , always stay well and try your best to keep all you know , well . <3 :-) Sending you best wishes full of love and joy , of this beautiful night . :-) <3 God Bless .
to clock and click a picture like this is no easy or joke i just say N A M O !! N A M O !! a man who knows burns and cuts of every Indian !!
, enhe vartiya pratha se sayed khugli hoti hai aur paschimi bes vusa chal dhal sayed inhme smartnes khojte hai enki mati mari gayi hai . aur kya karan ho sakti hai Hume to pata nahi .
#207 : I'm a PhD scholar . I have always wanted to know what the inside of the ladies ' toilet looked like . So after hours , we use the ladies toilet in the department . Since the past 3 years I have often piddled in this forbidden territory of my department . Before I graduate , I have this burning desire to try it once during the daytime ...
#315 : While I was still in IITB , I was seeing this girl and just when everything was going right , she met this older dude who was a businessman . She dumped me for him in an instant , and it kinda broke my heart . After a few months I found out that she left me for him only because of money . So I hacked into his account , sent fake emails to a girl who was a common friend of my ex , showed my ex those fake emails , this startedhuge trust issues and fights between the two of them ... a few months later she came to me , broke down and apologized , we had great make-up sex and then I told her to f**k off .
Aur bhai woh already bik chuka hai .. uske ghar pe golden biscuits k khajane hain .. aur bihari ko uski rakhwali karne k liye rakh raha hai plus beti bhi de rha hai apni
modi ji agar ek meeting pak k kutto k sath border m rhk lete esii meeting rhknge ki dubara Pakistan kbi kisi meeting m na baith pyeggaa feeling faad k rhk do
I have watched Lagaan 9 times and a find it amazing and I know , I will watch again and again , He was a wonderful in a Lagaan , May he rest in peace . Love .. .
Modi ji apne Mahoba ki janta ko nirash Kar Diya . Apke aane se Mahoba ki janta ko AIIMS hospital , kisan karj maafi , ki ghosda ki ummeed thee .
wheather it 's Talaash , 3 idiots , PK , Ghulam or Tare zameen par .. you name it , he aced it.no wonder he has been called Mr. Perfectionist from Decades . you rock Aamir !
Super star rajini kanth is the legend in acting .. .. .. Mahendra singh dhoni is legend of cricket sooo , that 's yy both legends are in same pose .. .. ..
#267 : This one is for a civil grad who passed out recently . This asshole played with my life . I cracked JEE just for him and I sacrificed my fine arts career just for him ... and the scumbag chose that bitch from his class over me . I should have come there and kicked his ass right then . For everything you've done , you don't deserve a person like me in your life , douchebag .
bhaiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii aapne shayad mera previous comment pada hoga mene ussme likha hu k meri aukaat nahi hai k me aap k baare me kuch bolu issliye me sirf bhaiiiiiiiiii likhta hu me bhaiiiiii likhu to samajh jaana k mene aap ki taarif ki hai haaaaaaaaa bhaiiiiiiiiiiiii me aap ko bhai he bulaunga
Pradhan Mantri ji Diwali Mubarak ho aap se Prathna is a Diwali aap Logon Se Parda Kijiye Amarc Road Egmore Begum West jata hai aisa procedure for saluki Yeh Desh Ke India Ke Logo Ko kam se kam July Is Des ko bina paise ki barbadi hoti hai
#289 : I met my bf while in engg college and we dated for almost 3 years . Now I'm a matki in IITB and he is doing his masters in some other college as he wasn't able to crack GATE . We don't meet as often and after coming to IITB I feel even a 2nd yearite undergrad has superior intellect and I'm losing respect for him ... Truth be told I'm actually attracted to a cool Matka dude in my class and I really need to find a way to break up with my bf . Any suggestions ?
I dnt think so .. .. world cricket ever seen batsman like Virat Kohli .. .. and King Kohli is so Young as far as career is concern and if he played 10yrs then all the milestone records ll b broken by him easily .. .. . and how effortless bating he always shows yar .. .. cnt beleive .. . thts why He is King Kohli .. .
You stand a best PM India could ever have ! The intensity you carry , the sensitiveness , the maturity everything is just awesome ! The great moment was when you met putin ! Waiting to see more ! You are great Modi ji
World hero vk is the world no 1 batsman .. i love U virat bhai .. . n Congrats for record 26 odi hundreds Indian no 2 palyer of the achieve n masterbalaster sachin .. . i like that world hero virat
:-) :-) :-) Want to feel LIGHTNING just a sec get out of the crease when he is keeping Want to feel THUNDER just stop him when he is running btwn wicket Want to feel STORM just let him finish the match -Ms the cool captain ever :-) :-) :-)
Cirket match dekhne ko nahin mil raha hai .. pichale 15 salon se dd free dekhta aaya hoon .. sab matches India ke dd pe dikhata aaya hoon . par ab bahut bura lag raha hai .
barely a thought of walking 1 km . leads to numerous excuses .. . ths is called hard work .. .. beyond any1 can imagine .. .. he s not the one who wears sum idiotic lucky charm .. petrifies and derrogate people with their autocratic attitude .. .. amir khan s a superstar . sharukh n moron salman cnt even think of cumng near to him ..
Feeling pity for the Pakistani lot who were cheering on joint military excersizes with Russia few days back . This is the time to learn that countries keep their foreign relations in accordance with their economic relations .
#297 : I didn't clear my last FF on time . So I didn't get any placement offer . This seemingly has ruined my career or whatever that I could have had if I would have done everything on time like everyone else did . Now I'm stuck in a menial job with menial pay . . . I have no idea what to do or where to go or how to make up for lost time . And now I'm too old to start anywhere afresh . . . Serious suggestions required ... and not follow your passion and dreams and all ... . . suggestions or help ... anyone ??
heelo sir mai adil kham jhansi se . aapko maine tweet bhi kiya tha bt aapne rply nai diya sir mai bht majboor hu bs cricket m paisa nai bs aapka support ki zarurat hai plzz sir helpp mee
#loveyou #bhai you .. . aap dabangg ho sach me .. tum bade hi achche insan ho .. mene dekh hai aap logo ki madat karte ho .. . sab kahte he sahi kahte hai .. . upar allah he to niche salman hai .. #iluvuhh
Agar aapne mera cmmnt pda to pls apne purane wale look me aa jao ye beard look ab ap par suit ni krta mtlb ap to kisi bhi look me achhe lagte hai magar is look se ab bor ho gye hai
good looking yaar .. .. .. one suggestion if you read and can apply , leave this captainship job from one day(50-50 ) and 20-20 , you have still 4-6 years of cricket or more left , provided if you contd playing as batsman/wicketkeeper only . you achieved almost everything in your cricketing career and you do not have to prove anything as captain but as batsman/wicketkeeper still many things yet to be explore .. .. .. .. gd luck man .. .. .. .. see Sachin Tendulakar as role model
Virat kohli is the biggest match winner for India . In white jursey . In colored jursey . In red ball or white ball . In Odi or t-20 or test also in ipl . This man never fails to scoring the runs . Virat is the world best batsman in all format of the game Agree Hit like a botton . World best Chasing Run machine .
#310 : I recently got dumped by my ex because she says I am boring , I don't dance , I can't act , I can't sing and I don't go to discs and pubs . Is it wrong to be a simple guy ??
To all those calling this fake , this was a true story which happened in 1998-99 . Yes we had cellphones , and yes email was popular . There was no high speed internet except for a few labs . You guys are sounding like a bunch of unimaginative slackers and lazy wannabes . Our reality was so far from yours that we can't imagine how you guys live on campus any more . In fact I truly believe that all you kids do these days is watch porn , stalk chicks on FB and jerk off alone . ~ Ed
ARey vaI idHar toh cMnt ma ho sAu - doh , sau like aATA HAI ,. Mera toh pp Ma vi 5o se jyada likE nahi aAta .. So , i m bIg faN of virat kohli ,. I u r also , then ko 2 my timlinE and like , thiNking u r reading virat post
Feels like Circle of Cricket official page has been hacked by someone who hates MS like anything . Have been witnessing such Good for nothing craps since last couple of days . Grow up Man . There 's no comparison between A legend of this decade and a player who has still a long way to go through his career as a wicket keeper in the side .
Now the Nehru coat is Modi coat . I see all of them wearing it . Which means there is some understanding that is good for all the stake holders .
@DEBKANCHAN Dada , Shubho Mahashoshti to you & family 🙏
#228 : I was an exchange student at IITB ... it was an amazing experience . India has so much to give ... many things to see . And everyday there is something new to discover . But , I was really surprised to see that boys and girls either mix nor understand each other . I don't think girls are just entertainment or distraction . We can be more friends with them than with other guys , they are like us . . Stop objectifying and criticizing them . There are only few girls in IIT . You should take care of them and learn to know them better . Love IITB .
It 's very nice All are in modi suits And I especially thanks to you clinching deal with Russia for S-400 Trumf anti blastic missel defense system . Thanks lot doing great job for ours mother india . Jai hind
Sirji , we never forget our real friends ,
#301 : We have instituted a new award for the best rack at IITB . This year's undisputed winner is Xxxxxxi Xxxxxxa ;) [ sorry confessor , we can't publish names but feel free to tag whoever you like ]
Goahead modiji . The whole Nation behind u and support one nation one law . Further sc&st law should extend to all category that is sc & st law should become common law . To stop sc , st attrocity in our nation
Jisne desh ko ek new soch k sath aage badne ka rasta dikhaya .. . Saaaale ye chaddi dhari .. .. . Sanghhhi aamir khan ko deshdrohi bolte h .. Deshdrohi toh yeh khud h kyunki inhe tirange k rang raaaas nhi ata h .. Bhaghwakhor .. . Khi k
Virat kohli is not just awesome but a great person . I love you virat ji . I 'm a fan from Philippines . Wish to see you in real : -*
#332 : There's a thirdie guy & sophie girl who have a very weird so-called \ """""""""""""""""""""" papa-beti\ """""""""""""""""""""" relation . They like to cuddle each other & do childish things like write \ """""""""""""""""""""" Papa I luv u <3 \ """""""""""""""""""""" and \ """""""""""""""""""""" Luv u bachchi\ """""""""""""""""""""" on each others ' FB walls . Seriously , what is this supposed to mean ? I'm all for LGBT but this incest-role-playing takes the cake . Now we are all imagining whether papa & beti are \ """""""""""""""""""""" doing it\ """"""""""""""""""""""
-> BOT SITE | ( Y ) | 2K-16 . TK <3 ( ^^^ ) Insaan Ki Umar Utni Hi Hoti Hai Jitni Woh Feel Karta Hai | <3 | Salman Khan | <3 | <3 POWERD BY | <3 | Khubaib Arshad | <3 |
Selection for High Court judges , and for District Judges should be based on their respective Number of case they had appeared as an Advocate , keeling in consultation with the selection committee otherwise , selection will be only mockery on favouritism , judges relatives , Welcome steps should be warranted that selection should not be based if Adv had backup and had previously practised . In the chamber with those judges now on power . This should be avoided , criteria of cases perused must be adhered to .
We Filipinos love the 3 Idiots , ECIS , Dhoom , P.K. and many more .. we love yous style ! All Is Well , All Is Well , Mabuhay ka Aamir Khan ..
One simply can n't enter 100cr club in 3 days Unless he is the megastar of bollywood """" SALMAN KHAN """" sir .. If you still do n't like him Den seriously u needs a checkup The Only superstar to give 10 back to back 100 crs movies .. Proud to be a fan .. . Love u till d end #jai_jawan_jai_salman
aisa profyl sirf ek congress wale ka hi ho sakta hai profyl dekho baki sab samaj jaoge
Bap ka sath mari pic kasi hain is ko like zarur kara mara dil khush ho ga
@praktabh abe office me kaam kr .. nahi to boss gand pe laat maar k bhaga dega
Ye kya tha be gaud ? Tumhari tadad kam karne k liye naya dal banana padega , dikh mat jaiyo warna wai crush kar dunga
Indianism in my blood .. love u india Love u indian army Love u modi Love u kohli Love u every deshbhakt
Shaon Farhan Qureshi ka birthday hai yaar . . . wish kaarr usse ! :D
We will be with u .. .. .. come on lets do it together .. .. . may god bless virat bhai .. .. in prayers .. ..
rahulbaba say to n , m do not call me shehjada but call me patvikuvar
Jay shiri ram prem bhaiya pranam bhaiya jald hi hum log aap ki aane wali supar dupar hit film dekhe ge bahut bahut subh kaamnae
Team india ki shaan meri jaan virat always rockssss :) :)
"""""""""""""""""" @Zack_Hemsey .. .. . My video has been claimed for use of """""""""""""""""""""" the way """""""""""""""""""""" I 'm OK if I bought the music right ? """"""""""""""""""
Aaj kal mera bhi hall aap hi jaisa hai aap ko to milgaya Alok mujhe intjar hai Alok ka
sir , delhi match kaise haar gaye , mujhe tho lag raha hai ki jaan .. .. kar haar gaye
Why does this site make me lmao and also really angry at the same time ?
I think i m the . only one who knws how to add gaali in every sentence bhncho ..
love u sallu bhai
go and propose her dear ,, otherwise koi aur propose kar degaaa tumse pehle ,,,,,,,,,, In IITB first come and first serve waala matter hai bhaui
Post that international break ; there is #FaultInOurStars #LFC #SpartakLiverpool
Ham to sochte h ki hi use karte hi prisma ka aap bhi kholi g ( very very nice )
Aap jaladi oneday mee dohara century lagao majaa ayega . good night . when u marriage
rahul u will be the pm of 2014
@Moneylifers I think the premium is diminishing now ! And i think affer somedays it may get negative if their is no alternative to him !
@travel7soul @MNXMovies Yessss .. . mm allwaays theree ✌🏻✌🏻✌🏻✌🏻
Imagination is a power you cannot imagine ! 🙌
Kadam se kadam milakar hi dunia jiti ja sakti hai sir , aap shi raste par hai
@keshav_10 Do you ? @xIN_8 ?
@RailMinIndia @sureshpprabhu @PiyushGoyal @narendramodi Train 07008 running late by 8 hours . Pls help sir .
#DTD100Million wait for 1 billion hit
a wonderfully grt feelings - light
bilkul sahi kaha .. crush toh badi aaeam se ghum rha hoga apna n ham yaha rote rHe .... hell middle finger to dem
@pehps_ Hate and love both
hey buddy its party time ..... @
Kuch karna ki moka humko ve dho . My big Bhaijaan . aap ke liye mera jaan bhi Hazir Hai
Simple Scenario hai Pakistan k lye :D Zimbabwe Ireland ko hara de ya barish ho jaye Pakistan atleast 3no match ... http://t.co/QS1Qh7EjLO
U MY SEXY LOVE
Great relationship with newzeland .
koi girl ya bhabhi mere sath bate kro mere inbox me aake secret chat kro mja ayega messge kro bs
DADA ji I miss you maye nahi dekh paya
Neha Jain . Hope you are going
Thodu vidhya sahayako mate pan saro nirnay lo .
Nice job sir ji
d guy cmmtd suicide ..... ye nhi dikh raha kisi grl ko ...... thnk abt d crcmtances .....
_/\_ _/\_ @SDhawan25 ... #IndvsSA Indians are twirling their moustache ... ~ ~ #MoukaMouka http://t.co/bes3OZ9nhl
@manoj_hindustni @SirAjaydevgn @OfficeOfRG @sambitswaraj What is the name of grandfather of Rahul GANDHI ji .. .. ..
@gapenwessswinam Glad you liked it . Thanks for sharing :)
@lizakoshy @MirandaSings is trying to steal your man @DavidDobrik she wants him i hope you know 😂 ❤ ️
hindustan zindabad , kisi ki kaisi koowat ki hamare watan per oongli ootha de india hai babu MHSI(muslim , hindu , sikh , isai ) ka raaj hai yaha
@nidhify My right eye is twitching from y 'day! Just googled and came to know it is a sign of good fortune ! Do you believe such stuff ?
happy bday sir g
Nice job sir ji Respected
Kohlii to batting kr raha haii post kisne daluu
Glad Can 's Been Taken Off
Arey Dhoni bhai , Stadium to khali hai
Jankari ke liye bata dui Pakistan aajtak world cup me match to kya toss bhi nahi jita Hai #IndvsPak
Great we are hoping well and strong India . Congratulations
shaadi kaa khayal karo jindgi ja rahi he
I love u Sir aapke jesa koi nhi
@ShashiTharoor Sir u have a great sense of humour too .. “ transformed lives as PM ” 😂😂😂😂
@TajinderBagga Even we get more crowd in Gali cricket
_/\\_ must have felt light as a bird eh ...
@WhatTheFFacts @aero1738 someone else took over the world mate
Abhijeet ne koi naya raag cheda hai usne qasam khayi hai jab tak use kam nhi milega wo aise hi ek ek karke sabko target karega
@pehps_ My parents photograph
@niqhtskys Yeah what about that ?
Dada tumhara balla uper dekhna chaha tha . Leken o hua nahi Tik he cholo agli match me umid he tumhara uper . ajche out mera prochond nahi hua .
Let all world leaders join hands to end terrorists and terrorism from earth to save human species on earth .
Steve jobs we are missing you . @AppleSupport #ios1101 sucks
@kkundra lol ladki mil gyi .. Martina here you go girl .. hahha shit #Roadies
@StarSportsIndia yeah😂😂 #MoukaMouka #IndWins #IndvsSA Dhonibhaiiii we loveeeeeee youuuuuu😍😍😍😍😍
Right sir , I also feel about my papa this emotion
ai love u bhai
I lv u pc
#331 : WTF happened to #329 ???
very very mst movi & #e #rt tuching , my dadi is fav . movi sir ..
Nice mera bhai jaan ..
@DrNeelakshiGswm @PMOIndia @Acutereply @sanjaygobind No government will accompany us on the issue of reservation
Kabhi bhi shadi karna village giral se pa ji actor 's se nhi or na hi city girl se
Dear amitabh ji i love you and Happy birthday jug jug jio
love u salman bhai
wafa ki kimat se bewafai sasti hai
Virat Bhaiya kal vale match mai toh MST pari kheli 154 * ky baat ha lge tho u are now the 2 and god of cricket
Some strong words
@harshshahh Ohh is that so .. You looked a bit confused up there on how to do it .. . Dad !
Nmst Sir AMIT JI !
Likes my India p m modiji like this . To country 's to world 's With johankiy likes so happy Mubarak With jay Savami narayan bapas .
A great run chejar in world cricket .. like a arjuna .. arjuna bhi lakshaya bhedane me mahir the aur apana virat bhi .. proud of u virat ..
You are right . . sir ji
Koi chat kregi ?
applying for mla ticket from 1998 , 2003 , 2008 and now
ye digvijay singh yaha v aa gya apni bakwash lekar .... . east or west modi ji is the best !. . Namo india
Bloody hell that was nerve wrecking #mcfc
2 Min silence For those person jo 30 Saal ki umar me bhi esi personality na bna paye Hats off u Mr. perfectionest Aamir Khan
@oppomobileindia Boycott chinese products
pake google translate aja :D behahahahahah .. .. .. .. :D photo siapa tu kak kok cupu banget :p
I love u bachchan g
Ankho ke panno me mene likha ta so dafa , lafzo me jo isqk tha , hua wo hoto se baya . u r my hero
Bhai galat ho raha dhoni ko bolo IPL IPL chillana band kare wicket ke piche se ... #IndvsSA #CCC15 #IPLAuction
Very nice p chopra
But You are the best in the world . No need to copying the pose of another person .
@amazonIN 1 . iPhone 7 2 . Bosch 7 Kg Washing Machine both has No Cost EMI . #KaroMilkeTayyari #AmazonGreatIndianFestival @HEMANT218 @priyu_16
@OmVArvind Whole team . 🙏🏼 ❤ ️
Wow I too love tennis
Captan cool vry vry congregation .. .
Toss Hum Ne jita Hai Match Bhi Hum Hi Jitenge ! — watching Pakistan vs India
@StarTechTips @YTCreatorsIndia Not just 1000 bro 1000+ means its infinite 😂😂
Lagta Hollywood ka mazaa mil gaya .
@RailMinIndia not on time all the express and local train it 's midnight still i m waiting train to come achhe din aa gaye
Gorgeous as always :) :)
Can n't wait to see you
@Yughandhar Crooks hide behind mask of Religion Whether ISIS or RSS #NoRamForThisBhagwan
@harbhajan_singh Very true paji
@salesforce @Dreamforce Good one @Dreamforce
U r great vai
Hey Xprtly !, It 's nice to meet you ! Hope to stay in touch for long and share some mutually benefiting thoughts :)
Osm bhai jaan love you salman
weather hamara acha hai happy ap ho ?? ?
I love u sir . sabko sabki bhasha sammajh nai aa sakti air .
love u sallu vai
bhaijan real indain hero
Welcoming $OMG traders on @coindelta_ . First Indian exchange to list OMG-INR and OMG-BTC . #OmiseGo @omise_go
love you Bhaijan I 'm super jabar biggest fan love You
Best pm modi ji
u r best
Kyaaa baaat h priyanka
@pehps_ Mixed .. .
Acha tou hai bt mahnga hoga . people can n't afford it .. ..
@iamamitsr @RAC7R @Brahmeme @chintan20 @thuug_lyf @Isoumyas Infinity 😜😜
Happy birthday Amit ji ,
I very well know the guy ! And I know the B2R room number as well .
now time is come to finish pakistan .
Hahahaha no no sale pak ka test dak raha ha after 2 game to go i will in top inshallah go forwad pak love u pakistan long live pak
Haaj g sir its true
Aapne bilkul sahi kaha sir g
Shami itni wide ball kara raha hai k agar usko wicket na mila hota to RSS waalon ne usko pakistani karaar de diya hota #IndvsPak
@Adtygpta @unsravi @shahid_siddiqui If u r doing time pass , exclude ppl who do real work . Removed sushmaji . Only velle bhaijaan and us now
@rishj At least it ’s a bug that others are facing which means it will get fixed ( soonish ) . Random bugs are the worst .
srk is jst awesum in each nd evry look
Thank You Very Much Amitabh ji God Bless You For All Blessed Shana Tova And peace To All Around In World Namaste Ji ;-) ★
Bad apple pleasure builder revoluza
We will definitely see this film bhai
@PiyushGoyal tte named Jitendra said thT I m a fool tht I m expecting 2 pillows 4 2 people since its our fault that we r travelling with RAC
@jetairways #Jetinstant flight 9W822
@_swapneal office ko kaam ... too much work load 😰
@ArvindKejriwal @manakgupta @rahulkanwal @sudhirchaudhary @PMOIndia electricity supply is cut from 12:30 onwars . Is it 1999 or 2017 ?
@mashrun Hi , we are concerned and still waiting for your details to proceed further .
Keep calm and keep kaam se kaam !!! #office #tgif #nametag #buddha #SouvenirFromManali #keepcalm http://t.co/qg7KrE3RMN
Fir v choron ki tarah hair cut karwani hai .. . lol
@divya_16_ @mylapore_mama Do n't forget AJ .. he 's a big hindrance
3rd odi or jarur jitna virat paji wish u all the best for next match
may his soul rest in peace
Who is AB , this is the alien , and the cheetah . Why would n't MSD chose to bowl when he has this knd of a cheetah Compliments from Sri Lanka
Most graceful prime minister on this planet .. .. admire my pm . of india .. .
bhai yaar isse puchna zra ? iske paas dimag nhi hai ?? bc isko jb pta hai k end wale over mein usne yorker hi dalni hai .. . to wicket rok k khel leta .. . runs ban jate
Hi priyanka you are meri me
Champion With ChampionMS Dhoni is best captainMS Dhoni is best batsmanMS Dhoni is a best WicketkeeparMS Dhoni is Cool CaptainMS Dhoni is King of CricketOnly MS Dhoni 's supporters are allowed tohit the like button .. .. !
"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""" @thoughtsmill : I do not to repeat successes ; I to go on to other things . - Walt Disney """""""""""""""""""""" @arjunk26 """"""""""""""""""
@NiazDiary Thanks
beauty gets the attention , personality gets the heart
At Friend Birthday
All the bst Dhoni nd cimpny 4 the mtch
pahalwan wala body nahin ye te to , mangal pandey me tha pahlwan wala
@bibekdebroy congratulations on ur appointment to the EAC . Does that mean you will stop writing fascinating columns for @IndianExpress .
Be mine salman ji
Modi sir please concentrate on global warming and take steps to reduce green house effect take sivior actions for preventing great damage we all with u sir
My best wishes to both leaders
do whatever , DANGAL would be a flop !! You have to pay for playing shameless TAQIYA politics !!
H B D SIR
2013 JEE Advanced Answer Key Published . . Read On : http://www.collegeaffairs.in/exam-news/2013-jee-advanced-answer-key-published
abe pyaar andha hota hai .. aur waise bhi bihari bihari kam nepali , bengali , chinki jyada lagta hai .. :P
I din read ..
Amit ji . Arayedha kasam hai . Like kardena mera comment
take a break form everything .... enjoy life .. do things you were planing to do from long time .... talk to your parents .,.,., talk to them about your childhood .... how they brought you up ..... your parents love is ultimate love which never leaves you .... they will always love you .,., with no demands .... . your life is not only your's your parents have right over it .. they brought you in this world ... think about what will happen when they will know there son don't want to live ...... . live is precious buddy ... you don't know what you will get next till you live it .
Twitter pe 1.30 hr phele aaya tha
Mr. M . S . Dhobi has inspired so many people irrespective of their age , line of activity . We should have a man like him in our Olympic team too .
Kyunki har ek friend kameena hota hai !
OP : I think he will get someone he deserves and so will you
Aamir I have seen your every movies 1000 times I supported you for Satyamev Jayatey and many social activities but after your antiindian statement you are hated by me you are biggest villen of my country agar Maine tumhe aamir khan banaya hai to mai hi thume suar khan banaonga
@rahulpandita I can do it !
Jai ho modi Ji
If you work hard continuously , one day you will be successful
Virat bhai , your partnerhip with M.S Dhoni is absolutly brilliant and you and Mahi are the best chasers of The #Indian_Cricket_Team
Then y dont u shift in Hostel 10 itself ..
bdhya kia , n i thnk us ladki ne 2hr . Chudaai krva ke bill pe kia hoga . Bechari ki choot to fat gayi .
@SuryaPratapSR @ArunbajpaiRajan So true
Agreement beetween India-Russia makes our defence system stronger and stronger . many many thanks to Modi and Putin .
@Selinarai131Rai Very nice girl looking very beautiful
@Snapdeal_Help Talk to your higher ups ; they would probably know my case . Order no is : 19819313329
Saale apni gf ko bol hinduo ki side baat kre .. Vo bhot diwali se nafrat bata rhi hai .. . or bakrid se pyar
@RMCriStan Ik 😂😂 vaise b tonight 's line up prediction was already spot on by me .
WHAT A MISS
Are Abishek sing kon hey isko jaldi hey kaya .. .. apni samabal na bhi kyu magak ki dahi kar raha hai
@realpreityzinta CRICKET Please Aaj KHUSHI KA MAUKA MAUKA MAUKA Hai 😄😄 Love u PZ 😘😘😘 love ur dimple #IndvsSA #pzsundaychat
Suuppprrrbbb pic dr salman bhaiya .. . love u bhai .
Dhoni is the life of cricket . he is the person who gave life of cricket . genius .
Bahgban I cried the day I watched this movie.so touching , am Nigerian but I can sing every song in Bahgban . love you my pyaar .
To Ye Kya Hai Dual Face Of #Secularism
Congrats to all real heroes .. .
ALL THE best SAPNA
I love you jaan
@empireofthekop Absolutely , just a bad day that we did n't win this . Lot many chances ! They had more than one goalkeeper playing for them . :(
salam and namste sir ALLAH TAALA ap ko bhut sari khushya de sihat de abad kre save safe kre ameen with bhai
you can take my help to improve business culture in India
Dedication of Kudankulam 2 & laying of foundation of Kudankulam 3 & 4 show results of India-Russia cooperation in civil nuclear energy .
flop hone ka record banayegi joru ke gulaam ki movie
Dhoni is not the best captain of india be he forget that place where he come from intrnational levl bihar
What's unbelievable is that most of the people liking this re not even from IITB ...
Bycot karo iski movie ka
Agar Aap Kisi Se Sachhi Mohabbat Krte Hai Toh Please Ek Baar Iss Page Ko Like Kre .. Adhuri Diary
#262 : I once borrowed a ruler from a girl in my class , used it to measure my penis and returned it back to her .
Dhoni bhai kya cool h aap . Me Mithun Suryavanshi bhopali . Me apka big friend hu . Kya ap mughe apka friend banayenge . Thanks .
It 's georgiou time !
undoubtly modiji is best thats why he will remian PM for next two decades .. .. .. .. .. . what about the S400 ?
@chand_shanu @Me4topgun awsome
Would n't mind if some Russian thugs kidnap Karius ..
Allah Bless you BHAIJAAN
@Queen_Meghna 🙄🙄🙄 I am such a fool !! ! You are right , they might be talking about the sex-workers .
Phli line padh kr mje lga ' Malaji garvnirodhk pills n condoms ' ka add aa gya ! #
@______ava Oh I love Ruskin Bond 's short stories 😀
tun se personal pe to baat nahi krrsakhta issliye yahi likhta hu haaaaaaaa bhaiiiiiiiiiiii
yr in logo ko kahi dekha h
Congratulations India Well played Iran
@ETadkaOfficial @HellyS_Admirers @YouTube That 's so sweet and adorable , love u doll and be happy always 😍😘😘💐
Sir aapki choriyaan hi nhi .. . duniyan ki sari choriyaan kisi se kam nhi .. ..
Great Photography . And of course Great Great Great PM of India . Supreme Commander Narendra Modi .
#WakeMeUpWhen Papa k office k saray kaam khud hojaen .
we loose the diamond of india - manna dey
NiKkILoVE2020 Hi Nicole . Are you getting a specific error message ? Give us the exact wording & we 'll look into it . #Google
@Tina32kaur it is indeed , when its possible play a lovely bacha wala track for me :) Am having serious mix emotions these days .
@brajeshjee Thank you bro .
Most atrocious finishing I 've seen ever . I can n't believe it .
Ek fan aap se kahe raha he
#237 : I am male , G1 and G2 are females . Though G1 and G2 are good friends with me , G1 doesn't like G2 to mix with me and G2 doesn't like G1 mixing with me . All the three are kinda committed in their own life . So F is sort of out of question . What should I do ?
Mr. Modi and Mr. Putin is great leaders .
Yesterday we lost Virat but better luck on coming 3rd ODI series match . All the very best for next Match to all of u . Hit chakke of chakke .
Bhakht ( HDL / Hindu mahasabha ) deekh loh SHAMI ne wicket liyah hain abh to DESH pe khatra nahin hain @MANJULtoons @PawanDurani
Ise khte h dostii Luv u bhaijan
@ImranSaeedKhan1Ur observation seems to be spot on ! aur @Afaq_Sharif Amla ruqsat ho gaye hain .. hamare Shami ne catch liya hai #Our Aqueedat
People told We did nt want to keep mre hopes on virat Bcause he will nt do Bcause 4th ODI against newzealand u scored 44 so Last ODI pls score 100 Ur fans will hpy pls chikku
@republic Mr. Varshney was treated well by Arnab .. .. .. Salute to Arnab for his courage .. .
Tere office me koi kaam dandha nai hai lagta :P
Kaun kambakht job satisfaction ke liye kaam karta hai . Hum to office jate hain taaki fast internet ke maze ley sake , youtube dekh sake ...
@askairasia PNR : MKMJRM , want to reschedule to 17/11/2017 . Be humanitarian , pple cn make mistakes . Tell me how much you 'll charge . @IndiGo6E
Puneet Kapoor tune the greatest game ever played dekhi hai ?
#202 : I think I fell in <3 with a H10 girl . but I live in H13 . Is it possible to maintain a long distance relationship ?
@AdvancedMaushi Kya hua ?? ? Where are ? This distance has made me emo .. 😜😜😜
Nahi khaya to pills kha lo Dada ji
Sir baghban 2 kab aayegi
's v nice , if the meeting with Chaines PM is sucessful . It is a only country , who helps pakistan in floating terrorism .
May aapka bahut vada fan hu our , kl aap hi ke vajah se Ind ka jit hua
@timesofindia He should just follow Modi who has no relative in politics and no personal wealth
Happy Birth Day .. . Sir ji
Rohit it 's good bhai did n't become an english teacher :)
Captan Russal and you not like with each other in Lagaan .. .. Russal are very .. .. .. .. .. .. Person Aamir khan
@BlueHyundaiBLR Any update on availability or introduction of SX(O ) variant in Diesel Automatic ?
Happy birthday sahab g
Mohit Sharma ko gussa aa gya h logo ke Tweets dekh ke #IndvsSA
jindagi kaisi hai paheli
U r the successful woman . but do n't , forget our country . & Bollywood . gud luck .
All time head soft you our gret grey god pm ho to asi .
hahaha maro gol
Haryala ki shaan , haryala ki jaan sultan ali khan sallu i am ur biggest fan fr0m Pakistan : -*
Hell ya .. ;)
India is best captan wicketkeeper & creckter of successfull indian team india the lucky caption
#RioOlympics2016 #MakeIndiaProud @BeingSalmanKhan love you bhai #LoveCareShare
@EASPORTSFIFA @EASPORTS * whole
virat .. yeh naam se hi pata chal jata hai ke wo kitna bada player hai .. after ponting n hayden kisi mard ko dakha jiski dahar meihi bowlers ka pant gili ho jata hai .. koi bowler sledging kerna to dur ankh tak mila nahi pata virat se .. ninde haram ho jata hai bowler ke .. agar next day match ho to .. ise kahete hai mardangy ..
Salman bhai hero banuga
Today 's tasks felt like it was purposefully set up 4 Harish 's strength . Not fair for other contestants #vijaytelevision #BiggBossTamil
english me baapu ko papa khte h .. Or aise confession ko sb Ch***yapa khte h
#256 : I never studied in the IIT system . When I was selected as faculty at IITB I was really tense to teach what I thought were super brilliant IITians . After a few months months of joining I realized that many of my senior profs/colleagues are useless old farts who have worse teaching skill than me . This feeling boosted my confidence and now I'm having a great time here doing quite good ;)
Bhai director aur slman khan khud producer .. . waah bhI ghar ke paise ghr m
Aaj ADians Form Me Hn 😂😂
unki yaaden hamesha zinda rahegi , ishwar unki aatma ko shanki de
Thanks Emp Ally , that mirrors our sentiments ! PM us ! ~ Ed
@Britanniacomms @HWarlow Dandelion ! Am an army man 's daughter and that is what we r made up of !
Ulia ko chor dena , wo ugly hai .
ise aaccha toh mhi kitne chake maare the odi mein aur ek yeh odi mein ek chaka mara wo bhi ek dum last mein thuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
sir ap jio hazaron sal
The initials of Himesh Reshammiya ’s name are HR . No doubt he is irritating .
@gopal01989 thank you
Jani subah uth kr thora hulia set kr k phr pic lia kro , Sweeto
great exploration of ideas and thoughts to transform India
heads of 2 u
Good afternoon madam , What a lovely pt ?
Respect people 's feelings . Even if it does n't mean anything to you , it could mean everything to them .
dhoni nay apeal kar di last odi india shift kar dain
Nymphetamine - Cradle of filth . ❤ ️
I can see 2 great leaders of the world together .. .. Modi ji you are my role model keep going Modi ji we are here for you only .. . Jai Hind
g m sir ji
muh utha ke sbko bhai or bahen kyu bna rha h #jije ?
@pandey_aradhana Abolutely correct .. .. Nice thought 🙂🙂🙂
Love u my dr rocksuper star salman bhaiya nd congrats sultan ki blockbuster sucess k liye love u bhai .
Plz talk 2 me
@Bajaj_Finserv I receive promotional SMS from you ALL the time . I have never been a customer of Bajaj Fin Serv . Please remove me from list .
Wish u very Happy Birthday Melody voice queen @mangeshkarlata ji . God bless u always .. may b u live long .
#270 : I need some IITian frnds , I don't mind boys or girls . If interested add me at this email ID : kaaqib@yahoo.in
Little difficult to understand another 1% move down , when all other markets are flat yet again . i guess china and handseng is down thats y ..
So who likes our new name ?
Damnn ... frustroo junta
Humara bharat amar rahe
@amazonIN @amazonIN @AmazonHelp I will message you the contact details if it is possible ?!
Respected Sir . Now we can proud that we are Indian . We can change the world opinion towards India . We may Top the world now . Hope So PM Modi ji will lead now in future .
yakin nahi hai toh mera naam search maar k dekhlo plz ek baaaar to dekh he lo plz bhaiiiiiiiiiiiiiii mere kiye me ek baar tum ko chicko bula raha hu sryyyyyyyyyyyy haaaaaaaaa pr me harrrrrrrrr baar bhaiiiiiiiii he bulaunga haaaaaaa bhaiiiiiii I L U tum ne ek baar ST k liye song gai the or dekhna ek din me bhi tumhare liye gaaunga dekh lena bhaiiiiiiiiiiii
Azher Mahmood amir khan ki nai movie
The tho dhokebaaz hi a vardi thujko saazthi nahi , sehawag KO door kiya
Abhi download karta hu bhai
How you are so enjoy with your hokiday . You are king of Lion in Indian Cricket History .
because it reduces the probability of getting a girl . which in turn reduces the probability of our precious money being wasted on these girl which should be invested in daru ... :P
Thank you sir for sharing this informative postings . Russia is long time friend
Love u salman bhai jeo ap . Preety zinta k sath b koi film kr lo bhai jan . Plz
Plan to open new stores in south also bhai
dont use abusive language we are muslims
Now - cricketer , next - integral part of Indian Army .. . Always on national duty ..
we need to maintain good relations with Russia , China & also USA , if want to have a say in the International forums & organizations . This is also required as , we need to expand our Economy . We can n't depend upon US only to safeguard our strategic interests . We can be more collaborative with China to bring that country on board to participate in building infrastructure in our country , as , the Chinese have deep pockets & good at timely execution of the Projects including building dams in collaboration with Our companies & we can benefit with the technology . Let us work with all the Permanent members of the UN Security Council on workable areas , without compromising our National interest . Let us not be worried about what Pakistan does . We must aim to become an Economic power with 10 trillion dollars Economy in the next 7 years .
Wohhhh !! This is going to be one of the greatest movies of all time . If you have n't watched """" Greatest Game ever Played """" , then must watch this Master piece Hindi Dubbed Version of it . #Sarcasm hai #Dil pe na le .
Bhai tum bht great ho Sabka record todoge Itna believe h mujhe bhai
U r the best .. .. Example .. .. . for world cricket .. . wishes a lot to DHONI sir .
I love all your movies Bhaijaan
#DUMEM 03 . . \ """""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""" Last year january m coleg jate time maine LSR ki ek ldki ko bus stand par dekha tha , dekhte hi ghantiya bjne lgi dil m . Vo meri bus m hi chadi aur mere paas ake khadi ho gai , aisa bhot bar hua par m kbi usse bat nahi kr paya . Session end hua aur start hua 3-4 ho gye the session start hue . M apne ek frnd k sath cntn k bahr baith k usi bndi k bare m bat kr rha tha k m dekhta hu vo bndi mere coleg k ek ldke k sath bilkul chipak k , bahon m bahe dalke cntn se bahar aa rhi h . Bc mere dil k tukde nahi powder bn gya tha us time . . Dbc\ """"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""
Ram ram modi g , desh ne apko . chuna . hai , ap desh ko zindagi ka rasta dakalo . RAM RAM
"""""""""""""""""""""" ms dhoni the untold story """""""""""""""""""""" -- -- it will be an inspiration for young cricketers ,,,, agree ?
saif bhai boliya to aa bat kya rahul ji may hamara des dekhai nai data
honable pm great pm
@BeingSkChetan hmmm 😳 Office me tweet karre lai ? Phir toh kaam der se khatam hone ko hai ! 😂😂😂
My world is falling apart .
gud mrng Mr . ab
LOL facebook pe ek video Dekha Shoib akhtar Misbah ki le raha tha Usme ha ha
John is living up to his last name with that much beauty on each of his arms !! !! Lucky guy !! !! Wow ! :)
@HalfBloodPrrinc To increase characters of twitter from 140 to 180
Modi ji ka chal dekho .. . Maun meh biswas dekho aur unki batkarney ki andaz dekho .. . jis sey dar gaya pakistan dekho , China ghussa hokar bhi pyar ki batekarney majbur dekho , AModi Rocks
@harsha_actor , congratulations for #Paltan . So so happy for you . ☺
Starting a Python project where I gather real-time data for a neural net , what kinds of modules do I need to build ? …
Most daravni nd bhayanak pic
Khub hat mila lo chainisji PR ab aapki country ka mall yaha ni chalega
Yr glti to tune ki h aese koi drink me hera feri krta h kya .. bt ab tuje b ni pta tha k aesa kuch hoga tu use smjhane ki koshish kr ab jo hona tha ho gya .
Yr tu itna cool kese h
modi sir aap senna keliye itna karte he to ek aur kam kijiye indiake sabse behtar doctors hamare jawano ki surkshake liye bheje taki gurnam singh jesa na ho plz sir think about it . Hamare sainik border pe kam hospital me jyada shahit ho rahe he .. .
Dear Aamir .. . I have a scenario but it has not been completed yet . I am planning to complete it until end of June . How can i send it to you ? I really want you to read it . Please say it is possible ?
Hi Iam Akash Thosar Love u #Salman bhai Keep it up
Good morning . in your span of time u have earned huge amount pls devote something for orphan child of odisha
Sir you are Sachin Tendulkar of Politics .. Respect !!
@mohit0205 @jayeshdewana12 So in the name of culture can n't have the license to kill any one .
love you please come back india please please
go and watch spongebob :P
You are best in the world we are love you and goooooooooooooo run machine not stop i mean yeasterday your innings is mindblowing and master class virat this is your show love u chiku .. : *
bhai we want u to make winning hundred for last match .. . otherwis india will ??
Great defence deal between India and Rusia for S-400 missile
happy birthday sir ji
You are my favourite cricketer un the world . Iam your huge fan .
#254 [ M2K ]: Welcome to the club [\\m/] bet your stories aren't as entertaining as mine ;)
Wasteful . Fuck me .
@pehps_ Cold
See Pakistan 's .. . Here Both Strong leader pressing buttons for both countries economic and power stand .. .. Do n't Make to Press nuclear button , coz both country signed for zero tolerance of terrorism .. .. .
RIP .. . I just watched lagan last weekend . Sad and big loss of film industry . His multiple roles as """" baba """" are memorable .
Gosh ! So that's wot it is ... With all those old ladies in rocking-chairs !!!
@cryptoboater Ok .. . Next Moon coin is ?? ?
Wet pussy ?? ?? I will fulfil ur thirst , contact me
New Zealand , Whom Are You Supporting ? India Or China ? We are not happy with your stand on NSG .. .! !
Salman ji u r king of bollywood
hunkar to ho chukaa
Last ball pe six lagake Winer banna to india ki to khasiyat hai ,
There are so much hard work and dedication behind dangal . .. . salute to you aamir . .. . you are the inspiration . .. . dangal will be a masterpiece . .. .
@GaryLineker how do digest it when ppl even use cr7 and Leo Messi in same sentence . Messi 's impact on the game is far more than tap-ins .
Friend you wooooooooow very cute pretty love is wooooow
Bande Mataram Bande Mataram Bande Mataram Bande Mataram Bande Mataram Mera Desh Mahan
@akshaykumar nice
@FuschiaScribe Noun . desant ( plural desants ) ( military ) A member of the Russian Airborne Troops .
thanks My God , you give me good leader and primminest7
We want wiser politician like Mr. Modi . This Hillary and Trump totally became a joke of the century for Americans .
@CSGO_Pandora @P1FU6 Grats bruh
Agar virat out ho jay to match me to indian team ko koi jita nhi skta hai . sirf ek hai player hai ye jo india ka bojh apne upar liye hai wahh .. salut u
@TataSwach #TataSwachQuiz 9 days
And then the universe \ """""""""""""""""""""" burrrrPed\ """""""""""""""""""""" ;)
Are bhai nokia ka wireless charging wala ph . Lo or is samasya se chutkara pao
he is helping us all since 2nd year ..!!
What is the conversation btwn respected u n putinpressing What ? BT difference is in mike position why ?? ?
hadd h abi to uska brkup hua tha n tune propose hi maar diya ... Lol !! N bhai pehle skul khtm krle .. :p
Welcome you Mr pm John keys plus support India for msg membership thanks in advance Kuwait
Newjudsin hai to film hit smjo nice bhai
Neend chura ke raaton mein , tumne baton baaton mein , dekho baat badal di hai http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mk1Eemh2jfM
Also Firmino is never effective when not central so sub makes no sense ryt nw
mat dekh uss azar ki taraf jo tumhe dekhne se inkar kartik ho
yun to neend nahi aati hamein raat bhar ,
Modi Ji sak Ko aap ne Kurte Me Kaise Ghusaa dete hai , Kamal hai
Brilliant Amitabh Bachchan Ji <3
Wish you were going to be there , I would have booked my ticket for the Men 's and not Women 's :(
Proud off you sir .. .. love u sir .. ..
masle sheher ke bade ya chote hone se nahi hote hai .. masle to bas ho jaate hai ..!!
Cant wait for Ellen show !
Oye balle balle ... :) On the set of Voice of Punjab http://t.co/FtH9PQsbFg
Funnier , less whiny . Though it is missing powerhouse acting by the likes of Kim Catrall and Cynthia Nixon .
@iMishaal Good luck with that !
Bc main 20 saal ka ho gya ek bi gf nai aur tne 4th me hi bna li kamine .
#Worst customer support by @tatadocomo Executive ended the call himself . Its good to #port into @VodafoneIN or @airtelindia
@sheetalsparsh Congrats dear 👍
uncle dur hi rhana .... vrna me apne pas pistol rkhta hu .... sari goliya g# #d me utar dunga
Virat is the best there are 2 good player in this generation virat kohli and ab deviller rest are good but not like this two
@WickedParamour Glows finally in bed
Well the reason we have so much stuff worth confessing about is because we actually went out and did stuff instead of sitting on Facebook ( we didn't even have the Internet ) . Go ahead , try arranging a social , you will automatically interact with real girls , instead of the pornstars you're probably more used to :p ~ Ed
@sachin_rt Hello
Great achievements sir . It 's really a great time ahead .
Salute hai Virat Bro .. ..
@alagu70 thank you meena ji 😊
Congratulations All Indian Players & Me
Your success always inspire us .
haa ab bs yahi bacha h confession page k nam pr :-P
Ranjan Sahu ... Awinash Pandey ... Nitin Bansal ... Rohit Mangal ... Saurabh Sinha ... yeh kya chal raha hai ...
Mere Dad ne kaha tumne kisi mahapurush ki jivni padi hai :-/ :-/ :-/ tab maine kaha yes maine VIRAT KOHLI ka interview dekha hai O: ) O: ) .
Jai Hind ! #IndianAirForceDay
Condom ke add par agar tere ghar walo ne channel change na kiya hota to tu bach skta tha :-P
Now is the right time to say to USA stop yr fuckin TERROR on aSia .. stop yr terror on Arabs & Muslims & UKRAINE & RUSSAINS ..
Mera Bharat intolerance ho gaya hi , aap kisi tolerance Desh me jao aur wahan movie banao
@advmonikaarora The investigation should expose if it was done with outside intervention .
@FatimaRizvi25 @Spotboye @theathiyashetty @AshGowariker I m just assuming lets see
40000 people already pledged and still counting .. . #MakingADifference #visionarydurga #makaashirwad #Havells
If you could read this .. .. dont prove yourself .. .. enjoy life my girl .. !! ! Dont stress .. because life is limited @priyanka chopra
Today you are really beautyful . stay like this .
@Edie0326 I no I should 😳 not asked this question but are you single
Total jokers disguised as pundits on Sony Ten ! Just show us the archived matches as build-up and go away #UCL
@piIIowtralk @zaynmalik @inZAYN Soo neeeddddddd thattt shirt
Best of luck .. . for one day tournament .. .. we want clean sweep in odi too .
Hi amir sir i miss you i love you you are a star of india 's & my heart
Ek aur baat .. .. tattoo white skins me ache dekhta hai .. . kio ke black white skin par malum hota hai .. . tum ne apne black skin par black tattoo kya hai !. .. muje to kuch dekhaye nahi deta .. .
@hrkriti10 @karanjohar @gqindia Good night
may his soul rest in peace
@BradleyDsouza @schmmuck @klpe But he ’s not even from margao . From someplace else further Margao
Ache hai nice movie dekh k pata chalyy gaa
Sahi bolu .. Dadi bahut zyada ho gai hai .. Thodi si trim Kara lo .. . Otherwise aadimanav lagoge
What is wrong with people , now they want a new striker ! #JustABadDayPeople We were brilliant just outclassed by their goalkeeper . #LFC
Congratulations team India .. .. . we r salute 2 u
@SidStrader Achha hai ,, I do n't know but if ua saying than it ought to be true 🙏
#284 : Do you have the mobile number of any girl , I am looking to make friends only . I will not share my name .
Amir sir masha Allah ur inspiring man
Best concept to respect and help people who lives naturally and help to save green .
Sir really appreciate ur work in each n every movie of urs . Main to confirm dangal suru ho chuka hai n iss movie se log seekhenge ki ladkiyaan ladko se kam nai hoti aur kam samajhna bhool hogi .
I am waiting to see you in The Ellen show .
You r right sir ji
I love you kohli rohit dohni mery liy jan ho jan mago jan do reply me i love team
How many of you feel that #chatbots are the future of banking ?
Love love you bhai
@amitbhawani You mean except the orders which comes from the abroad ( china U.S Saydi arab ) ( Tesla ) :)
AS U RES TOO CAN HAVE IDEA !! !
student is always smaller than teacher india is best of allllllll
hare krishna jai jai shree ram
Namaste sir hum mile he film city me aankhe film k shooting par wo Jo skateboard tha wo me hi laya tha aapne white dress pehna tha fir milenge sir take care love u so much
IAM PAKISTANI LOVE SALOO
"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""" Being perfect is my only flaw . """""""""""""""""""""" """""""""""""""""""""" Ah , I see . Would n't you be more perfect without it ? """"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""
@The_EternalKind Sorry sorryyyyyy sorry sorry
Bhavna Jha I HV downloaded it ;)
"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""" @thoughtsmill : I can n't believe that God put us on this earth to be ordinary . - Lou Holtz """""""""""""""""""""" @arjunk26 @VipashaChopra """"""""""""""""""
Go Modi we all with you !
Salman sir post kare aur hum comment na kare ye kese hosakta he im big fan of salman sir from himalays
Kids wake up with alarm , Man wake up with water And Legend ( Pakistanis ) wake up with bomb 😂😂😂 #RohingyaHafizLink
Long live the tiup of Russia & bharath with the efforts of our modiji !
Picture is too good sir ki .. .. .. .
@Iamkavitak I just state a true fact ! Love you 😘
Hello darling JI .. good day .
Indian air force ko salam jai hind
Rip , a superb actor ! One of the most powerful role and unique performance he showcased in Lagaan .. . our condolence to family and friends !
@Stevicity @realDonaldTrump what is that white glass use for ?
Khoob tarakki karo par sajnaaa BHUL nan JANA ..
main tera hayra jabra fan ho gya virat
narendra modi a unique personality and next prime minister of india
Janamdin ki Hardik Badhai Sir jee
Happy danteras sir ji
Thoda aur wish karo yaar dish karo Oh yes abhi Aaj kuch tufaani karte hai
Keep it up guys , congratulations brothers we proud of u
#324 : IITB girls please sell your attitude on OLX , because that's old and useless like old furniture :(
@BLRAirport Fingers crossed ! 😙 #DasaraAtBLRAirport
I think artist ko artist hee rehna chahiye
In the world were games will their than that came M.S will present their .. .
mohali ki innings bhaut aachi thi virat you know why vichal likes you that you are a good cricketer in this world not for that but for your love for others and your good nature and you are a good human being for me
Dhoni must be thinking if he has used same power in this game would have made double of money .. .! !!
Amir khan Only Amir khan waley jo unhey pasand karte hai hit likr button
@rajnathsingh Sir god bless you . Carry on this great cause with more intensity . We r with u .
Being a die hard SRK fan .. .. I vl surely watch dis film on Dec 16 .. .. just to show those modi bhakts , VHP , RSS , BAJRANG DAL n others DAL wt real India n patriotism z all aba .. . #DilwaleFAN_DANGALdekhenge
u made your LIFE HELL YOURSELF .... cause u r the dumbest girl ... first u wrote .... wo relation mere liye hell tha ..... mei usse nikalna chahti thi .... to parents ki marji se shaadi kar li ........ fir tune likha ..... pati ke sath commmitted thi ...... kya ghanta committed thi ...... tu na baith kar lolipop kha .... kyunki tu kisi ke sath committed nahi ho sakti .... apne ex bf ke sath shaadi bhi kar legi na ...... kuch tym baad tujhe tera ex-husband achcha lagne lagega .......
Avi v booliwood pani mangey aap say
#DangalPoster #Godofbollywood #Aamirkhan Kisi ke andar h dum boycott krne ka bhag gye sale
@DesiMundaa_ Sure . Now I remember somebody also told me to use water but I forgot . Last time I tried but could not prepare .
@Avenger_karan seriously
don't worry . if a civil guy from private state college can be a coder in TCS , you can do better then him ur an IITIAN right ??
@featureshoot @theprintswap Thank you @featureshoot and @theprintswap
vry coool humare karnataka me almost tree plant kiye hain ji .. .
Happy rosh hashanah day sir . sir good morning .
@Dhaval343 He was well rested .. he can play 90 min . Also Firmino out wide is least effective .. so still dnt get the substitution
APPRECIATE/EXLLANT BRICKS GROUP PERFORMANCE
Sar muja ap sa help caya job ka leya sar pules help
@AsYouNotWish Wisely said
If you have a clue know who this guy is , tell us , we have been trying to find out too ...
happy diwali in advance priyanka ji .. . may God give u all u want in ur life .. n u always be my favorite
He is a great player but equally lucky enough that he does n't play in the era of waseem waqar shane warne akhtar mcgrath murli but yes he is a great talent .
In the last 4 years I ’ve seen my club being captained by Fellaini , Smalling and Young .. ..
I think Dhoni is a different type of icon and has different style but trying to copy of others shows is another personality .. .
P c my dear
Bhai kohli ap savng mat krao lekin trimar se set to kar lo
@anilsinghviCNBC @CNBC_Awaaz Tomorrow will be the last day of correction sir ..
i was about to write you over this to be a part of Ellen and i heard this news .. .. woww
Sala fuddu banda .. . jma e musla lagda .. attitude kinna bhreya hoyea sale de .. . huurrrrr .. simple ta raih hi ni hunda .. . aah fuddu je style jine marzi bna lo
Tu maadherchood harrami hai
happy dibale modi ji ! i like you- aap ( up ) manipuri me kaba ayege kahi deri na ho jaye shuna he aap saba ki shunte ho !
By not supporting India on NSG NewZealand is supporting China and Pakistan and more importantly terrorism and also defeating cause of clean environment .
The District Planning Committee is the only Constitutionally mandated planning body in India ( not even the Plng . Cmsn . /Niti Aayog or the State Planning Boards ) . As it is the state of integrated planning in the country has been a non starter despite of all the efforts taken during the UPA regime . However bodies like NITI Aayog , State Planning Commissions are still provided with resources and manpower so that they are able to take crucial decisions but when the question comes of empowering the DPC and enthusing the DPC members to perform as per the Act , theapathy of the Government is clearly visible with utter confusion , lack of any credible information and parallel orders . The most critical level of planning where there is a possibility of merging the rural and urban sector plans and ensuring the rural-urban continuum , ensuring convergence of schemes and programmes of the line departments and avoiding duplication , prioritising local level needs - is being neglected and subverted by adhoc and politically motivated actions . Its high time to walk the talk and allow DPCs to function with autonomy and necessary resources for effective integrated district planning , implementation and monitoring
I love u virat .. jitna pyar ap ko tumhari maa krti h itna he pyar ap se ma krta hn .. . love u respect frm pak
@prity9088 @raut_punam @cricketworldcup @ICC @BCCI_Women @BCCIWomen @ImHarmanpreet Wish they do .. . waiting for that .. .
Yes sir , for balance world power it 's a important to build a good relation with Russia .
I love you bhai
@htTweets @virsanghvi But GST & high price of #Petrol is hurting the poor & common people also .. .
Dear modiji . Russia is our time tested friend . Do n't loss them at the cost of USA . US and China are selfish countries . I know all this you know very well but still thought to let you know .
Aawww my cheeku u look awesome nd have a great day ahead tkare @virat . kohli
truth be told , we are getting very boring confessions , no real escapades or daring stories ...
@realmadriden @lm19official @Cristiano What a thunderous shot by Ronaldo 😍
Happy birthday Mr #Manmohansingh your contribution for Indian economy over 30-35 yrs , will remembered always
Kohli bahi dadhi badh gai hai set kara lo .. all the best for next match
@UltraAutistic Easy one 😂
@thewarjournal @KingSalman And these changes may also alter the fundamentals of ruling dynasty 😉
@askGST_GoI @GST_Council @arunjaitley @PMOIndia if you wo n't answer who else will ? response with detail
Hey dont rain on the poor guy's parade . Some poor IITians have had to wait several years after IIT to score
@ARanganathan72 @narendramodi I just heard power ministry has not utilised alloted budget .. . So 16000cr frm der or borrowed money ??
You need not to copy anyone . You are DHONI and all know what the DHONI means .
abhi to manzile aur v baki hain .. .. .. tera thakna mana hai .. .. gud going vire .. .. . #fadu
No doubt to say russia is always seems to be true friend of india from several decades . Recently india have a yudhabyas in russia which shows a strong relationship . Great modi ji !
@Mayarz7 Do you have a licence
Allah Pak apko khush rakha aur Allah Bulandiyo pa Kameyab kara apki dangal film ka bohat shidad sa intezar ha
Ab india badlega modi saheb ke netrutvame
#GoodsForAll Team is Going to Organize one Campaign , Follow Twitter = 1 🍫 , 1 Like on FB = 2 Chocolates 🍫 🍫 & 1 Instagram Follow = 🍫🍫🍫 , 3 = 🍫🍫🍫
Successful people do what unsuccessful people are not willing to do . Do n't wish it were easier ; wish you were better
@commuzenist I am social in private . Ok bye .
Have a Fruitful meeting
Try and try sir nag complete for time one of modi lot of country s moving india s suport government
acha laga dekh k .. . mere papa bhi yahi kehte hai .. that 's why m like this .. .
tennis is no fun .. . its pain in the neck . there is actually no sense in that sport ..
@Vada_Yakshi Oh god . And that graded response plan is supposed to come into effect only from Oct 15 ( 3 days before Diwali this year ) . Death
Good morning Virat Vii . and we are lucky to have in our India cricket team . ..
Hello uncel .. . stay healty ya GBU
I can see the """""""""""""""""""""" Pillars of Our Future """""""""""""""""""""" say year 2100 The Times of IndiaBBC NewsCNN InternationalAaj TakRT What do you think ? :) :) :) :) :)
Kabhi kabhi lagata hoga na ki sunsan garden me jage akele letjau phir kohi tension nahi sir ab kya kare sir kabhi man ko bhi to shanti chahiye na sir yek se yek bad controversy sir aapke sath
Score 100 nd win last one day
one of my favourite singer
Why all trains from east to Delhi r running morw then 6 hrs late today @PiyushGoyal
@boyIT87 @chalKARL I love it to be deep in my ass .
Who else is up thinking about , if , with enough training , you can ride a mountain goat ?
sir mujhe kamyab inshan banao suna hea aap garivo ke mashiha ho
@Sehr_MM It was a blunder from #MaleehaLodhi which people of Pakistan are proud off .. . world is laughing at Pakistan
Ajay .. .. u too gud
Mechanical me to fir bhi chance h or engineers ka kya hoga ......
@PubicDefender there ’s so much metaphysics in Eastern philosophy ! Can I drop you a little something I wrote ?
@archiepanjabi @VOGUEIndia @iamsrk Looking dashing
I love u aamir .. a I love ur kid azad .. he is so cute and innocent .. i love him so so much . i want to play with him .. . i want to meet you sir .. .
Best of luck dear baby sona janu love u everyday everytimes sometimes i miss u beacuse u my oxygen
@Ra_THORe sir @NeuroTrackerCSi president is coming to India very useful tools for sports plz give us appointment on 3rd oct to meet you
Nwaj sir apki to bat hi alg he
@OfficeOfRG Not the truth
@shagunsharma19 thanks for following me 😊 do RT my tweets if you like them .
Real Madrid play different level of football on champion league night .. .. ..
Mr. @Javedakhtarjadu , are you watching DNA at zee news . How Rohingyas terrorist killed hindus . Will u feel some sorry about ur statement .
we do so in IIT only , coz hamein IIT mein koi bandi nahi chahiye :D :P
Die hard fans hit like
@RailMinIndia @TajinderBagga @RailMinIndia should sue this website for false , misleading and concocted story .
Birds of a feather flock together !
Ye song to hamare salman sir ke liye hi bana he so natural voice original voice jitana sune utan kam lagata he ye song to
gone but not forgotten i agree with kalpana that his melodious songs will always be with us as a constant reminder of the talent and versatility
Ek Buri Ladki ( A Bad Girl ) http://t.co/koPv0s5kha via @imgur BAHAHA . I guess I'm a #badgirl :P #whatajoke #loadofcrap
aaaw ,,, I want to but I also have my Country .. . tsk .
Proud moment respect this man MODI he did his job really well
Cristiano Lethal Ronaldo . This is how you finish it . This is the Roar of the Lions . Goal number 2 .
Thanks to share a wonderful message . i believe that what ever we are doing in our life that has to be upto the mark . We all have great straight . We just need to focus on it . If anybuddy is given birth under poverty , so that person has straight to fight and change our Self to chasing our dream coz its in our hand to live like king or like .. .. .. . poor people .. its just example . Thanks Virat sharing great message .
Nice yaar salman Khan
Sir mount everest se aau sir sabse badi himal he udhar se aapko comment karti hu
@MAHAJANACHAL We hope this resolves your concern upto your satisfaction .
only one and one name mr rahul gandhi is the next prime minister
U rock modi sir
#313 : I got dumped after 6 years . Feel like shit . Really on the verge of being suicidal . Anyone got any suggestions ?
A happy new year also Lc . otodh the respect you have for us
talk to your parents and all those who love you .
@HassanNisar Dear sir I do n't understand Urdu plz writinen English
Angry Young&always young man , Tum jio Hajaro saal
He is the run machine but he is not next """""""""" Tendulkar """""""""" Heis fear of Pakistan but he is not next """""""""" Modi """""""""" He isconsistent but he is not next """""""""" Dravid """""""""" He is destructivebut he is not next """""""""" Sehwag """""""""" He is an aggressive captainbut he is not next """""""""" DaDa """""""""" He is troubles Aussies but heis not next """""""""" Laxman """""""""" .. . He is Virat and he is first VIRAT
If you want to live a prosperous & peaceful life , conquer the biggest hurdles - Ignorance and Ego . #TuesdayThoughts #Peace #Wisdom #ego
Can i meet you
@Ra_Bies #KamalHaasan is vying for CM seat in #TamilNadu . He wo n't play second fiddle to #Kejriwal
Sabko Indian kapde pehna diye sir Aapne :D shat shat naman :)
dil ka haal sune dil wala ,
Modi Ji really you have shown again that you are a wise politician having active brain with true aspirations for this nation , great milestone achieved as it was desperately expected today !! ! Kudos sir !! !
Another Draw Incoming
If he is yorker king then what u can say about #waseem nd #waqar ?? Rehan Shahid bacha abhi bht kacha hai :D :p
Russia has always worked with commitment for the growth of Indians . So their contribution will remain in top row in Nations building . Both interest are interlinked to face challenges already indirectly declared by our Neighbour Nations Pakistan & China .
Why #KanganaRanaut 4 flops back to back so hyped ? It ’s oki she will be back with a #bang soon !!
Happy birthday big be ji
But but but Cristiano only scores against the small teams .. . 😫😫😫
aik second mai tabah kr day in warriors ko Pakistan air force .. .
@BaeSssniperwolf I m missing you when u came online ❤ ️ ☹ ️
Happy Diwali PC .. .. you will and always will be our dilwali .. . <3 :-)
@pehps_ Wednesday
Sir apka film kuch na kuch toh baat hai , nhi toh bina waja se app sign bi toh nahi karenge , so dekna padega .. .. Usme kunsa raheshaa hai .. ..
Marks make me laugh .. I look at my marks and I laugh ..
Hii salman iam your big fan i love u sooooooooooooo much sallu
All the best Laxmi rani majhi
I am biger fan virat kholi world handsome bahiya looking smart in soot
This is Gd sign for India & also rest of The world .
Kya aap comments padhte hai . Aap bas status update kartey hai . Aur hamate jaise kai stupid reply kartey hai . I am sure aap comments nahi dekhtey .. .. .
@oliveeyess @KhanEijaz @RumanaNazarali 😱😱 I never knew eye colour could change over time 🤔
Nice Movie Amit ji
When intentions are mixed with hard work and to set right the wrongs done by earlier govts . One can not go wrong . keep it up Namo God bless you
Thanks sir , good going
They r our real wellwishers . True Friends . Every time They stands with us
anything left out ? :-)
@TOIIndiaNews And Gandhis have always failed at it !
@oceantiedmusic End to end stuff ! I hope Dortmund equalise 😊
:D Bot Ka Badsha Powered By Afghan Ahmadzai :D :D ______________________________________________________________ - O W E N E R S - K I N G - B O T - T E A M - N A A M - T O - S U N A - H O G A - :D SELF BOT SITE ( y ) KINGBOT10 . MOD . BZ
This is how serial killers are born
@cpimspeak Look Fail Ideology talking about female safety 😋
@aliasshivani @aliaa08 Alia was * why the hell I m doing so many typos 😭😭
hi Aamir how are you I love you sir I misss you and I amwaiting your film Dangel .
Page_2/3 A . Razaque , M . Hafeez , Shoib Malik Ko Shamil Kiya Jae , Or Misbah , Younis Or Afridi Nikaly Jaen Or Caption Hafez Ko Bnaya Jae
@tterIndia @ood_sigmaa @bhak_sala @AltNews @abpnewstv They went to POK for training , some have been killed by army . Some waiting to die . 😋
Saeen 3 idiots is one of the best inspirational movie I have ever seen . Loved it .
@P00Hrae @FoxNews @TarekFatah Thats what i m saying usa needs to change their foreign policy with saudi
Hi Salman sir I am samadhan I am your big fan .. .. .. for your every
Project runway in the pipeline ?
bal king .. .. . he is number one chucker .. . and he is opposing bowler .. .. if he bowl for other country except india .. he will be must a chucker
There is a void that can never be filled by any materialistic accomplishment , no matter how great
Looking absolutely international fashion icon .. .. .. love U PC ,
@El_Salvador9248 Just now , he shoots very well but gk saved it .
Life ai n't a jigsaw puzzle ; it 's more akin to a lego game .
Such men deserve the kind of women they get !
Happy Dhanteras #ViratKohli and all Indian Cricket Team .. .. May u score double hundred in the next match and let us win .. . #bestwishes
jo tmh sahi lge vhi kro .... . dnt cre abt othrz ..
once cheat to urself . . see the miracle
Sir ! Kuch bhi achcha kijiye , that 's good !! !! Par core hi gadbad ho jaye toh problem hi .. . please control Bengal
@SirStevoTimothy I 'm an INVALEED Kathleen 😂😂🤙
We also wish u all the very very best .. .. .. when u r going to post another great poster of dangal ? can n't wait any more .. ..
@IndianExpress New type of pseudo journalism practices by tommy now and rotpubluc to abuse panelist if they dont tow their line
what else can we expect from such a bimbo who do n't even know our respected missile man Dr APJ Abdul Kalam Ji .. this all happens when u r having tremendous pressure from uncle dawood .. as usual
Like if Salman Khan real bhai real Bhaijaan real Dabangg
Bears take charge on D-Street . SGX Nifty already beached 9 , 700 . Brace for 8th straight day of correction tomorrow . Watch out for Bank Nifty
so he kissed u @ rajiv chowk metro station ...... wahan toh itni bheed hoti hain ......! sach main aisa hau tha kya ?
@GabbbarSingh You have not seen the full movie . Who the fuck r u to pass judgements ?
You are out of my understanding limits .
@BTS_twt You are precious 🌻
a wish vry hppy bd .. .. sr. . ji
#274 : I'm from IITB and in the closet because nobody in India can really understand what we go through in society if we come out . The plus point is there are so many guys to fantasize about , I really like the unkempt unshaven look but I wish some of the guys would take a bath and keep themselves clean . I casually put my arm around my friends and they don't even suspect a thing .
@MrsGandhi @TajinderBagga In Bengal Bangladeshi 's & Rohingya 's are only allowed !
That Spin ! Ravi Ashwin . Kuch nai ho sakta bhai Africa ka World Cups mei .. #Mauka #IndvsSA #cwc15
work for a startup ! or an mbA !
Bangladesh ne toss jita hai batting bhi kar raha hai lekin 259 se pahle hi Afghanistan samet lega ar match jeet lega
1 of the old friend of our country nd that is Russia .
#309 : I graduated from IITB a couple of years ago and went to the US . I have still never dated a desi gal . No regrets , it's too much effort for virtually no return .
"""""""""""""""""" @one_in_minion That """""""""""""""""""""" true """""""""""""""""""""" was sarcastic af 😶 """"""""""""""""""
good job bhai jan
[ Admin Note ] We have renamed ourselves , by popular demand from our readers !
kyo tumne hamko dil me basaya tha
This shows lack of practice ! Header at straight Center and Lack of composure . #LFC #spmliv #liverpool
Looking cool .. .. I am a big fan of yours .. .. .. and best of luck for your further matches
Post q atni late i kia ho Gaya Khan busy Ho Kia aaj kal ap
@RanaAyyub Those muslims seeking asylum for Rohingyas must sell all their property to GOI for their better life
Thalaivar & Thala really they both are similar ( conductor & ttr ) super star in their field , but one step more Thala , it 's not an action it 's a real life , mahi mara , it 's for every youth .
You 're very handsome man and great actor movies I liked the three idiots who made me laugh and I fall in love and made me mourn Ghajini was very nice story greetings from the Country of Mexico
congratsss .. kohli .. sir .. .. .. u r the best betsmen in the world for all aur indian .. .. . u will beat series NZ at 5-0
Yeah , you can always the maintain the relationship , as long as you can afford the maintenance costs ..!! :P
@BassTunedToRed @Unitedology Again , liverpool who ? Is that even a club
Ghar me banae jao centuries . India se bahir nikal k batting hi ny hoti . Bs slow pitches bna k record bnae jao .
http://googleoverphone.github.io/ google a call right away !!
@sagarikaghose This dumbo is afraid that PM is focusing so much on corruption that she will be caught soon .. . Crores worth bungalow .
Try for more defence ties with Russia sir , depending upon our needs
Meri chaahatein tumse alag kab hain , Dil ki baatein tum se chhupi kab hain , Tum saath raho dil me dhadkan ki jagah , Phir zindagi ko saanso ki zarurat kab hai . Brar@@
In foreign policy we are very successful . Many many thanks to our honourable Prime minister .
Looking Suave and Dashing and Debonair <3 Amitabh Bachchan Ji <3
Modi Ji ka Jay ho
Greatness exists in all of us . We are destined for greatness 😌
yaar confess karte ho ya torture ... itna bada bada confession :/
Gd morning sir ji
#209 : Can anyone recommend some good streaming site to watch free movies online ?
Amir bhai aap kitna talented , smart .. .. .. hain is se hame koi fark nahi parta lekin aap ham kitna achhi baat , achha parerna milti h aur mai apne uper istamal karta hu ye mere lie maina rakhata h .
@smritiirani ' NEWTON ' Film maligns Indian election system , mocks Indian democracy , supports naxalites , its BIG CONSPIRACY !
I loving it jai hind
Harry Kane with a hattrick now . What a player ! Envy Spurs so much . #UCL
@SPN_Football bring back Andrew Leci . Your guys are just not good enough in these review shows
@HumayraEmma Yup bby 😉 ❤ tumhe haq he 😋😋🍫🍿
hamne to fool chaday , or mere dil me hai bisbas ,,
Ghajini is the best among Aamir Khan Movies I love it so much .. . fan from northen nigeria
@OLIO_ex If you do n't have patent of Dona , then Olio will charge for using Dona in india
#280character now you can write more shit
Time square has something special for you Priyanka .. . Happy Diwali
We Indians love Russian bcoz in my childhood I have been listening to my dad saying Russian is our country best partners .. ..
@pehps_ Time management
aapne sahi pahchana sir angrej chaley gaye aur namoona de gaye
@_mihikaa Fox Star Sucks Agar Event Afternoon Ya Evening Mein Hua Toh I 'll Go
The whole church lobby wanted to sabateuge this with the help of big brother .
Jai Bharat .. I salute Modijee a great Statesman .. . a great Nationalist for his shift in Indian Economic .. Defence .. n Foreign Policy which is Fearless .. Jai Hind
Nice Big . """" B """" Thought .. ..
@sardesairajdeep M - Man O - Of D - Developing I - India
@IndiGo6E Thanks
those who support the opposition kabhi muzaffarnagar akar dekho ki jab chote chote bacho ko talwaro se kat diya jaata hai to woh nazara kaisa hota hai
Whoever posted this , have you heard of the saying BHMB ? ~ Jerry
There is no replacement for Rajni sir in movies and it is next to impossible.in the same way to find a man other than Dhoni who is the coolest , the perfect , the right team man , the motivator , the captain , the leader , the soldier and finally the great human BEING is also next to impossible . INDIANS are always proud to have u . love u Dhoni
I remember his movie , joshiley ( sunny/Anil kapoor starrer ) and veerana movie . Great work of him in both movie . Really a natural actor . R.I.P.
Lead by action . Clean Gurugram real estate market . #SaraswatiKunj . Help bona fide allottees . @cmohry @mlkhattar
@DOCTORATLARGE Apologies for my rude comments on your poetry , not feminism 😜 Beautiful words !!
kabhi waqt ki khamoshi me
Dead T i r e d ! Dnd !
@Twitter That 's a much needed change to Twitter . #Twitter
Hi amit ji gud mrng hav a nyc day vry nyc
Jay Bharwad Kushal D Shah Nisarg Gandhi Dixit Sukhadia
Ek Pagli Ki Yaad . . Boy : """""""""" kya kar rahi ho ? . Girl : """""""""" kuch nahi , ghar pe akeli bethi bore ho rahi hun .. . . Boy : """""""""" mai aa jaun tumhare pas tumhare ghar pe ? . Girl : """""""""" kyun ? Kya karoge ? . Boy : """""""""" ab yeh bhi samjhana padega kya ? . Girl : """""""""" haan samjhao na . Boy : """""""""" ghar aake samjhaun ya phone pe ? . Girl : """""""""" Continue reading .. .
@ashishkrishna92 I hope you enjoy it . Tell your friends to buy it also .
Congrats to P M Mr MODIJI & PRESIDENT Mr PUTIN
Wow ,,,,, congratulations virat .. .. . u just rock .. .. . keep ti up .. .. . all the very best team India .. .. ..
Sahu ki to nikal padi .... faaltu mein rota rehta tha .... Ranjan Sahu prakash daalo is mamle per ...
Modi Ji we as Indian in New Zealand has lots of hope from this trip .
Aap abhi fb use karte ho toh sote kabh ho
Sachin Pratap Singh Ryan Gazder Deepesh Sati recall anythin guys :p
China ’s multiple-span cable-stayed bridge to open The Chishi Bridge is set to open to traffic at the end of October in central China ’s Hunan Province . Connecting Rucheng and Chenzhou , the bridge is renowned for its three back-to-back cable-stayed spans of 380 meters . Its pillars , all of which climb more than 100 meters high , are also groundbreaking . One of the four pillars rises 182 meters above the valley below , and is said to be the highest used in any cable-stayed bridge in the world .
@Lisaraniray Beautiful
Felt like Europa League last night . #LFC
Fate can change everyone .. . PM is a great example of it .
hamto to pink movi t.v par hi dekh paynge or sir ji ko subah ka namskar
mujhe lagta 2nd match team india esliye hari ki taki M s dhoni ki kaptani jaldi khatam ho sake varna top order ke ak bi players kyu nhi khel paya sirf Rahane ko chodkar . aise khelte huye nazar aa rhe the jaise enhone abi cricket khelna shikh rhe honge . kuch match ficshing ka mater lag rha
i salute people of bihar who came to hear namo while blast happened
Tyeri aankhon mye pyar nazar ata hai ! Tu hi ashq tu hi dildar nazar ata hai !
@ola_supports I never expected this kind of answer from you
Love u my best idol
JUST IN : A rocket launched at Signal Iduna by @Cristiano 🚀 #BVBRMA #HalaMadrid
i am with you to kill congress
Virat Kohli with the Duck who won 1 Lakh :P :P Mayank Kumar
@with_RG1 I think you ' sud ' change your sources . :)
comments karne vale sab log BJP ke hi abami hai .. .. .. .. !!
@ghaziabadpolice Sir .. . you can ask your patrolling party .. . if high volume loudspeakers are blaring songs or not
great bhai luv u
@H0SE0KIE Oh nooo I guess that 's kind of a good thing tho bc health my mom just always puts lots of things to eat in my room all the time
he Cries .... hahaha .... Live Him be my GF ;)
@sardesairajdeep Pseudo secular .. . Whr is killer of gauri lankesh ? Have u asked ur karnataka cm or ur partner ravishndtv ?
Virat Kohli Best Player
@shadd_e @nancymadrisco Let 's be fair and give him a 5 for his good work rate and few good moments . 🤘
Thanks Dear Prabhakaran for liking my opinion on Nuclear .. . Best regards
You look beautiful mimi didi <3
Pura World Ghumneke lia pm bana hai .. .. Govment ki paisa borbat kar-rahiha .. . bas modi ka Ambition ahi tha .. .
MSME is best source of employment . ease of doing business should be cleared easly .
mahan PM ko namesthy
Very true good jodi in Indian cinema = HERA PHERI , PARVARISH , KHOON PASINA , MUQADDAR ka SIKANDAR , THE BURNING TRAIN , great movies happy birthday Vinodji
Great expectation from you to come together with india to fight terrorism in the world from a majority people of particular religion
@UberINSupport Thanks . But this could have been communicated in earlier complaints .
New Islamic Year Mubarak To All Muslims
abe bhai kch din m Hashim Amla ban jaoge u need to trim
@Dugguholick Dhoom 4 😞
Oh ho my love I proud of u all the best for next blast
@narendramodi Apart from other cities . Take a look on muzaffarpur city sir . #Garibasthan #Devimandir #tourism @narendramodi
congrats salman g y aap delhi m khole plzzzzz
@ManuelVeth @OptaFranz I cannot remember . But I 'm not complaining
I am a super duper idiot .. bs yehi dkhke samajh gaya ki kuch bakwas hi likha hoga tmne :p
@NotSoNautankee @swatic12 Let me tell you Girls , He is the son of Famous David Dhawan .
dreaming . kids .. :P
arbaaz bhai looking nice in the poster of Freaky Ali with cool expressions , rocking promotional campaign for the film , U always provide great motivation to millions :)
commonwealth gotala kiya he na bada kam
#Newton Just waiting to watch .. .. Where are u my FREETIME 😡
aaela amit sir ki information hai to aj se hi jan hit me jari .. dhanyabad devi or sajjano
The quest for a land of pure has become ' the land of pure terrorism ' . Pakistan is now #Terroristan . - India at . @UN .
Fare Forensic audit investigation to track the @EarthInfraLtd buyers advance payments . Need support @myogiadityanath @PMOIndia @arunjaitley
My salute Amit sir very Happy birthday to you swachh raho sundur raho jai hind jai Bharat
I making video . for your birtdhay . I love you .. .
I super fan mahi bhai
Dhoni should remind Faf abt IPL !! Agar khelna hai toh out ho jaa !! Hussey z back in d team !!! #justsaying #IndiaVsSouthAfrica
May God keep such friendship between India and Russia life long and forever such friendship with Russia will strengthen more n more economically as well as in defense too ..
the superior person waits for wisdom and clarity before exacting justice , then lets no protest sway him
Dear dhoni your batting style and captaincy is very poor . We all waiting to old powerful hitter Dhoni .. .. .
Bs is ko apne hi Home mai santury marne ate hai .. .. East and west Ab is best
Very nice pic ji
Please follow this beautiful account- """""""""""""""""""""" divyankaviveklove """""""""""""""""""""" on instagram n fb
AB KYA MISHAL DUN MAI TUMHARE SABAB KI INSAN BANGYA H KIRAN MAHTAB KI .. .. .. .
@SmitaM7 initial request and refund has been processed to you in accordance to the same .
kya baat hai itni acchi batting shayad kisine dekhi ho itni choti umar bhar ek diggaj ban gay ho virat you are the power pack of India cricket team
1 of the good finisher in history of indian cricket . successful captain .. .. .. .. ..
I think my biggest problem with renaming everything to suit a preference for Sanskrit or other ancient languages is butchered pronunciation .
@arshavin69ru Good for you , live with that hatred you black hearted soul . Cheers !
All the best Manish ji
I would request all director and producers not cast her for any movie , we are indian n ask from mns to kill her
tell the truth !!
@pehps_ Yesterday
Bhai . All friends comments .. Good .. But bhai my filing .. . YOU ARE A KING OF FITNESS .. DANGAL . Amit : @
SO YES RES G !! ! BUT THE INDIA AS SUPPLIES FOOD VEGETABLES OR SOME AS similar(as 4got ) to THE NORTH KOREA !! !! IN FACT MEDICINES !! !!
@ShehlaRashid All problems of India would be solved if likes of you and your breeds could be shot and thrown away in Indian Ocean .
I'm quite awake , really ... it's you people who are sleeping ...
@Ish_Bhandari @crazydiode Who warned him that his foreign assets will be in trouble
Bahoot bahetrin naic tauda honga ek zamane main ye ghoda lekin ab bhuda hoo chuka ye Kisi kaam ka nahi hai .
Bumrah is not yokar king bcz i think u forgot about strac or mustafizur .. , ..
please iss comment ka answar dena
@rockyandmayur Sumantha Da shud be around , guess he 's back from Europe trip .. .
bolne se achcha krna sikho
U continue making ties like dis n let china take Arunachal pradesh , bring 20 Lakhs Bangladeshies to India . This is d real pic of ur governance .
Bag : shoes :: makeup : skincare
meanwhile Dhoni -- tujhe jeet ke rahenge , tera shauk chada hai :D #IndvsSA #MaukaMauka #CWC15
hahahahaha another offside goal ffs . Hope someone breaks Ronaldo 's legs
Toronto mein bhi store khole Sultan bhai ! !!
Looking Beautiful virat sir & all the best for matches .. .
i am your big fan , name raju from uk add me thanks
@kapur_ritu My opinion from now . N I want to thank @SrBachchan #Sujeet n #Tapsi fr #PINK
Now NSCN ( K ) is the only group which is opposing the peace process and indulging in terrorist activities .
Young football enthusiasts showing their juggling skills at #FIFATrophyExperience Kochi @bankofbaroda
salman bhai is world wide popstar
Hey Campus Connection , It 's nice to meet you ! Hope to stay in touch for long and share some mutually benefiting thoughts :)
svi purane artists ka intkal a rha h
Russia is our old friend which was tested several times when we were in danger , so under no circumstances we want to crack the relationship .
@TheOnion So to quote the wise @MaheshPaliath life is blind but death always sees
MEHINDER SING DHONI sir you Are best captain of the world :-)
Ms. you are the best captain , wicketkeeper , batsman , finisher and best father in this world . u r great .
Bhai aapko bhe #ek_award #single rahana ka !! ! #single he best hay #salman_bhai
@DaaruBaazMehta @Pawansh07 @hitendra011 Again @AAP SM team Instantly replied and worked .. 👍
@YaqubGufran if u need any help to get passport kindly msg us we can help u for Passport
sir improve science and technology department of India
Very good decision sir , Thank you one and all ,
Thanks god plZ do n't rely on America they are bartered just keep ur collaboration going with russia and israel and transfer technology base to india
Congratulations Super Takkal Team India .
India is one of the world where the guest as God is worshiped .
B ko apne comedian kaha aspki yeh baat mujhe bilkul pasand nai aai aa thoo
Just curious to know who will follow Mr. Hefner 's legacy ?
World wide recognised Indian air force ko SALUTE .
lieberherhugs Hi there . We 'd like to help . Did you already try resetting your password with the steps on this page … …
@realDonaldTrump Are you twelve ?
@narendramodi he is unable to take admsn because of financial problem and the college is not supporting after promising fee concession .
@kageman @gaana @Saavn @AppleMusic I use them all , but I keep coming back to Spotify .
Great priminister india parnam sir ji
Bcz real log toh twitter or orkut jyada use krte h isliy
@realDonaldTrump please stop before you have riots in our streets . take care of the ones who need food+water 😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢
Hindu will decide who will win UP .. .. .. ..
@HayatKh56926657 @skimran112233 @Sofia64850604 @SweetPe94607942 @Aashna21028779 @zeeshask @AsadHay39193846 Nice
@Hayles_101 Yeah sure BT , we 're gonna watch that instead of Ronaldo , Kross , modric , aubameyang , pulisic etc
Nice Job Salman Bha
3 talaak par turank ROK lagayo modi Ji , Muslim mahilaaye sadaa aapka sajdaa karegi
Nowadays , Yashwant Sinha , Advani , Shatrughan Sinha , Varun Gandhi & of course Arun Shourie are toast of the gliberals . Times change & so do idols
He lost the wrist watch he is wearing in this pic !.... :D
So Brilliant Our PM .
Best Will be the only champion which is virat kholi and others are loser
Parallel live current affairs holistic coverage & trending .. .. .. !! !!
tera baap ka kya jata hai pakistani mulle
@pehps_ Definitely
Virat I am your big fan but I am also big fan of gautam gambhir . I just want both u become a good friends
Aamir bhai you are and always will be Bigg inspiration for so many people in this world .. .. .. keep it up .
If this was the cricket ground then we will be like to see m.s dhoni at the middle of the ground as a leading captain
@ProuddPakistani @iamwaqaryunus mohit n fir ek ko pavilion bheji ....
Happy and so blessed diwali to you all priyanka with lots of love .
Go for it team india well played
@rameshfilms @BDUTT One of the rare politicians in BJP whom even opponents appreciate ! His work talks , unlike the Emperor !
Jnu thaa in raanjhana not bhu ... Aayien he kuch bhi mtlb ...
@Shehla_Rashid #HinduMassMurder Where is the pseudo-secular intolerance brigade . Y is no award being returned ? Shame on Political parties
@Ahmadbilal111 Das lungi , do n't troll me 🐍
mr. modi is doing well bt he should be cautious from china .. ..
@gurgaonpolice @dtptraffic To catch commercial vehicles from running you make private vehicle owner suffer there for 30-45min every evening
Hi Salman hope you reached at delhi ..
Masha Allah .. Superb . and . Classic Poster ( y ) .. Thank You Aamir Khan Sir !! :)
@yeshwinj wow !! ! too many channels these days .. . but not yet available here it seems .. .
God bless u . U ll have an even amazin Diwali this year
AB de Villiers is better than kohli in every way .
@GCD301 @imdebina @gurruchoudhary @ankumall @HarilalVishaly @misbahtanveer @SoniyaGc @neginniazi021 @crazy_sweta lovely 😍
Why are Indian men such chomus ? No means no means fuck off if you do n't understand the meaning of no , feeble or loud , losers . 🙄😒
Iove u amit gi i am ur big fan
Great person , great work . Modi JI l am proud of you .
“ Do n't cry because it 's over , smile because it happened . ” ― Dr. Seuss #quote
Yaa rally great poster
Dude , you don't need www.iitbconfessions.com to get FFs you can get them all by yourself !
@thehill YEA ITS NESSASARE
huppppp .... jab first chapter bhul jate h to first love ko bhulne me kya paise lgte h
@DealerHyderabad Any update on availability or introduction of SX(O ) variant in Diesel Automatic ?
U are the best modi Ji Sir
may his soul rest in peace
Flop movies should not be compared with nonsense hit movies !
Hum love ko usy din bhul gaye . jab humari jeb me money aana shuru ho gaye
Last clean sheet for Akinfeev in #UCL came 41 games before . 🙄 #CSKAMUN
vishwanath k saamne se aake dekao
I ' might ' watch BiggBoss ONLY if Dhinchik Pooja decides to grace the show ! @ColorsTV
Beauty in ghungat mein ..
@xsadufarzi Just followed the Parth Vikas story . Found it stupid . Has he done something even bizarre ?
the thing is evrybody using translator ex . our pm .. .! ! respect u sir for respecting the language .. .! !
New Zealand may help us to be member of NSG .
@awsmbong I wish !
koi girl h jo khul k bate krna chahti ho mere sath wo bs mere inbox me aake messge kro trust me achha lgega
@qfint Do you expect anything constructive from newly formed Economic Advisory Council ?
the real badshah khan of bollywood
Best thing that modi can do for India is Quit .
You are the best PM in my India . carry on Sir whole the all Indian people are love 's you . all the Indian people are stand with you . jai hind
Nice pic priyanka ji
@miakhalifamiami This does not necessarily love loving you only from your body . They are different and you want very much
As always , wasteful liverpool ! #SpartakLiverpool
You are a great lesson to all indians Modiji . The dedication and sincerity in work for the country is an example to all youngsters
YOU HAVE AN IDEA ABOUT IT .
#IndvsPak - Umesh Yadav to harsh bhogle - Pressure banane ka kaam Shami ne achcha kiya , mujh se to ho nahin paya .
dosto es bharat m bollywood k king or top 3 star khan ho skte h pm sikh or tea bechnewala ho sakta h desh ki sena m har dram k log ho skte h to es desh me cast or religon ki jaghe insaan bhi to ho skte h bhartiye hindustani ya indian bhi to ho sakte h i love my country ilove all film star
PRIYANKA CHOPRA , you are looking elegant today because HENSON LORDE loves you and I really like your blud dress .
@MrTomMcDermott More like 3-4-2-1 with mkhi and Tony behind lukaku
Modi is a great
Like Haathi mera Saathi , Ghodi mere Jhodi ! ( forgive my Hindi pls )
And finally I started wearing sandals/sportswear to work cuz I stopped using leather . :(
ok but homegirl needs a better camera phone
Just received an SOS call from my apolitical doctor friend from Chanchal , Malda that his family along with 100s of Hindu families are facing severe threats to life . Bombs being hurled , houses set on fire in Kaligram , Bogchara .. It 's in India . In the state of West Bengal . PLEASE ACT
dhoni vai .. . i am the only man who always respect you .. .
@GauravPandhi @Shehla_Rashid So nw we must show u 10-15 thousand different bills 2 tell hw indian people regret voting fr #KHANgress .
U R the best person in world from your everything i am your biggest fan .. .. nd a movie is coming soon about you will be suprrrr duprrrr hit .. .. nd in that movie , the helicopter shot of your will come on cinema 's .. .. that will be a moment to see the reactions of ur fans
frst cmnt love u salman bhai
@AditiMallya Do it !! ! Then tell me who on whatsapp . :p
Kya bhaiii .. . kya khltay ho ap .. bindas hoo ap .. cricket k .. . badsha . ho ap to
You have opened everyone 's vision of education through Tare Zameen Par and 3 Idiots . Thank-you perfectionist !
#248 : I am a campusite . This happened 13 years ago . I used to play tennis a lot on the old tennis courts as a kid . One IIT dude used to park his brand new bike and play tennis . I always used to bug this guy to let me have a test-ride of his bike . One fine day he did , and I totally crashed it nearby . He must have been a total idiot , because I was only like 11 years old at the time ...
Sahi jodi uske saath bhag jao . budhi kahinka
Namo ....., iss baar v jo congress ko vote de diya ..., usse bada chutiyaa koi nhi hoga ..
Sir ji aap border pe chale jao , aur ek helicopter shot maar do bc Pakistan udd jaye
Wah kay batt hai
tujhe kya laga tha .. blind date pr brad pitt Ayega ??
i will blessing more ?
stupid people fighting against our own country people in our own country how can someone hate modi ?? he is too good enough for anyone to dislike him common sense
I am agree with you sir .. . lekin humein yahi dikhaya aur sikhaya gaya hai .. . Birthday cake katkar , candle bujhkar hi manaya jata hai .. . filmon mein bhi kuch aisa hi dikhaya jata hai .. . aaj tak kissi ne bhi nahi bataya ya sikhaya ki hum hindu log janmdivas kaise manate the .. . ya shayad hum log manate hi nahi the .. . aapko maloom hai sir , to please share with us .. .
SO BEAUTIFUL SIR ! JAI HIND !. ..
sorry mr. khan but mujhe aap ka hair style accha nahi laga .
100 chai virst da
Apparently Navas is better than Dave . Wao @FIFAcom , you have outdone yourself . Complete pricks . #DeGea
800 Years old Oxford University has started a Scholarship in name of Dr. Manmohan Singh , This is worth of a Educated man understood by world
#319 [ M2K ]: When I was in second year I \ """""""""""""""""""""" acquired\ """""""""""""""""""""" about 1.5 l concentrated vermillion red coloring agent ( non toxic ) . Around 1am that night , snuck up to the 2nd floor of MB and unleashed all of it into the pool at the bottom of MB stairs . Sleeping guards had a major fright when they woke up and saw the entire pool was bright red , and the next morning everyone got a scarlet shock as well !
Avantika Garg is IIT experience not for u ? :P
@LizaSaha Oh I am so looking forward to it . Day after tomorrow it will be a tick in the box
Ap bellbottom jeans mat pahno
Sir why dont you introduce examination for appointments of High Court judges like IAS . Advocates who are practicing in High Court and District Courts for more than ten years and have conducted more then 500 cases in should be permitted to take exam and District judges who have conducted 100 session trials and 500 matters should be permitted to participate in exam in All India level and thereafter scrutiny like ib report and tax returns should follow . Government should also consider appointments in specialised fields like judges on criminal side , civil side , constitutional side or taxation side
Woh superb innings once again this is the 16th century only n 2nd innings 2 Gud
If u miss someone right now then :-( . . . . . Please join Adhuri Diary
@OfficeOfRG And ur party ’s is to rape them .
Only Russia will come forward for help whenever India will be in trouble .
Respected Sir , please come to New Zealand and address our people here and their issues , I read that John key has invited you to come visit , please come here , I 'm eagerly waiting for the day you 'll come to New Zealand .
@SagoonIncorp A1 . $23 per share #SagoonPreDussheraContest
Desh ko eak alag he pachan milega is 16dell sea or hamara saniyea takath strong hoga .
tum jeo hazaro sal sir ji
Look great amazing pic pm modiji . whooo hoooo Brics family love the Name
@rubahncast @CrashKoeck @TheDooth @FearBroner @Bass_Mstr_NL @Zanzertuchi @HiRiseWindowGuy @minibaynham @WildieBear Only 🔞 minutes remaining 😁
Army dress not like fashion show it reqd real hero at border . No body deserve for this uniform except Jawan . So if have any types of doubt please go ahead alongwith that serving jawans
Best wishes for ur vision sir
Come back to your birth place ( barelie ) for celebrate diwali . We want to celebrate with u .. ..
2nd sachin is in our Indian team . I LIKE U SO MUCH . Virat aap viraaat much karke dikhao .
salman is in ladakh , he arrived today
Hit like if you think Ms Dhoni is big finnisher of the world ,,,
@MKBHD I know it 's a lot of work but one more blind camera test with all the new players ? #AskMKBHD
#218 : Hate it when after you get dumped they give you clich ? d advice like , \ """""""""""""""""""""" there are many fish in the sea\ """""""""""""""""""""" well until I catch my next fish I'm stuck here holding my rod ...
This time u guys r not playing carrom . Pls put one photo . Shooting is going on na . Leh ladak is beautiful . Put some photos .
Modi saheb ki jay ho
Love you so much mamu
Putin is such a sincere person unlike the cunning and sly Obama .
#340 : It has been 10 years since I graduated . I've been in a serious relationship since then , and I'm going to marry someone soon . But my best experiences with the fairer sex , have been on the Vihar lake on one of the MoodI evenings . Even the lust was innocent then , even the innocence is not genuine now . Those who are still on the campus , enjoy it too the fullest !
Sir aapke sath Bruno ki pic se ye peta leg geya ki U R animal lover cricketer
Awesome even if fake sounding
Asslamo alikum kiya hall he or baki sab kese hen acha men aap se naraz thi to aap ne mujhe manaya bi nai bewafa jab tak nai manaoge tab tak bat nai karongi or na msg karongi ok
u so hot pc
@myogiadityanath @Manekagandhibjp Funds promised to them have not been released for the last few months .
@LFC Their substitute keeper is better than all our keepers combined
Congratulations Mr. Prime minister . You always focused on the solution and not the problem . You have focused all your energy on where you want to be and not where you currently are . You are the factor that counter balance effect of people with higher energies on people who operate at very low energies and our country have many of those .
Thanks virat sir Aap Nahi hote to kal mai kahna b Nahi khata .. .. Congratulations for 154 not out .. . god bless u sir .. .
virat .. bro aap apni photo jab click karata hai to app insta .. or fb par ek sath upload karata hai .. .
Kamal Ki movie hai
aap kitni filim khelatha ham ko kament katna
@dulcetaegi Just ignore . If u try defending or replying it only becomes more idiotic .
@ANI O really Mr. Honest politician ??
Pe kar out of mind ho gya kya tu aaj admin
GOD bless you a longer life so that India can be transformed into """""""""""""""""""""" Sone ka Baaz """""""""""""""""""""" . ( May no more weakness prevails now ) . We support you Sir .. .
Very nice sir jai hind
if u want to say Amir tusi great ho tofaa kabul kro then hit like butten
Happy birthday Aamir ji .. May God bless u .. . Stay happy forever
@ultra Ur ticketing service sucks . Got 3 of my cards debited 8 times .. . but dint got the tickets 😡😡😡
Kudos Honourable Modi Sir .. .. . U r doing a great job .. . Putin is an excellent politician for d last 16 year though exiting near obstacles he 's moving strong .. . n we do need an extended hand with Russia .. . but still we hv to b well prepared Coz we can n't trust any one .. .. !! !!
@shethvatsal @Varun_dvn @Judwaa_02 @ Wow , Very Nice @shethvatsal . #Judwaa 👌👌👌👌👌😃😜😘
@aashikapokharel Haha okay . Office time , aba bus ma bore hune wala chhu . Also , Alumni ko imp kaam chha . Viber ma aaye hune . :P
@RMCriStan Almost for everyone I guess 😀
@madhukishwar It seems that all the news channels have become entertainment channels . And all are on the same level , more or less
I love MSD , and u r the best and best !
Karunesh Jigyasu nawabi masla hai lucknow ka sambhal lo ..!!
Are mujhe pta h bhulna bhut mushkil hota h kuki y sab mne bh jhela h do tarike h ek asan or ek mushkl 1- phela bhar nikal cos m ya phir koi ghar k pas m ek mast s ladka dekh 15-20 din dekh apne aap bhul jayegi or ho sakta h y wala use kafi acha ho 2- dusra agar kam na kare to apne parents k bare m soch or unke liy ji y sucide kar k jo tu unhe gift dne wali h unke chahre soch jab unhe y sab pta lagega
JAI HIND I SALUTE FOR INDIAN ARMY
chief minister who the shahzada does not
Bhakto k man mein ladoo to futa but kisko kahein .. . khopche mein dekhne bhi jayenge ..
Kohli is phaltuuu player very boring player . Sachin tendulkar sir is LEGEND , hai LEGEND aur aage bhi rahenge LEGEND . U listen kohli u are Just bacha , will be bacha aur aage bhi rahega bacha . Respect sachin tendulkar sir
Mr. Michael kors !! !! .. The man himself !! !!
celebrating friendship
Great comeback by the Indian team in that match .. .. .. but see the photo .. .. sick politicians taking credit .. .. .
Salman bhai him tu ap ki movies net pa dakh lata hai magar ap log him sy pyar ni karta Pakistani yu sy
@semrush Looking forward to join this chat .
Our friend country New Zealand P.M visit will be successful . They can invest make in India programme .
P M Modiji , I respect your personality from my heart , You are certainly one of the greatest man of our time . Social justice is a day dream in India . Will there be any surgical strike against cast system , superistitions in the name of relegion , stone /wood worshipping , sacrificing thousands of innocent animals in the name of satisfying gods , Practicing astrology etc ? Or Is Narendra Modi afraid of becoming another Narendra Davolkar if he makes indians live in a real world instead of a fools paradise ??
II does not warrant you a re-exam . DUGC takes ( up ) your case and then decides whether or not you deserve one .
@jimanish @vinayaravind That I do anyway 🙃
Happy journey nice play in the matches and you are the run machine soe
Wow superb same too you Amitabh Bachchan Ji
Congratulations virat .. .. .. .. aise hi khelte raho or desh ka naam karo .. . you are the best
What a pathetic performance !
Ka be everytime India india
@Snapdeal_Help Shall i assume that there is no customer care Number where ur customers can reach out to an actual representative ?
Not an injury pls pls pls pls
Fir se kutto wali harkat .. Sahar se bahar niklo aur dekho un garibo ko jo rods pe bhik maang raha he aur aap in kutto ke piche padi he .. . Jitna pyar kutto pe dikhati ho utna garibo par dikhaya karo .. .
virat kohli also uses PRISMA ab prisma zyada download hoga !! !! !!
Congratulation . We hope you will get success on every step in BRICKS SUMMIT .
santa - pandit ji mujhe sanskrat bhasa sikhaa do ,
Nuclear need to be avoided orv scrapped .. . Kronobol Plant leak effects still there and area abandoned by the residents , same case with Japan Nuclear disaster 2011 .. .. Why we are not learning .. .? Focus on renewable with the same capital and India would have surplus Power .. .. Even today we are Power sufficient as per daily news coming from the MoPower .. .! Than what 's the need of going Nuclear .. .. just to buy smile of Mr Putin .. .!
@bluntfactor What did he say here anyways 🤔 , that made u so mad
Is bar Bhi jheet ap he ki Ho gi We love you Our prayers are always with you
The most beautiful lady !! !
Oh yaar :( really we lost a very good actor . Watched ' Lagaan ' for dont know how many times . May his soul rest in peace
Kya DARU(Sarab ) or PAN . GUTKA ( tambaku ) ka . Mudda . Teen TALAK K Upar nahi . Kya isse DESH Ki kitni MAHILA OKo . . . . INSHAF milega . Is k khilaf koi kesh dakhil karega ?. Talak hone se to dono apni apni jidgi ji lete he . .. Pr . Daru or guthkha . Tambaku . Bidi . Sigarate . . Se kya hota he . Aap khub jante he . . . Or desh ka kitna paisa barbad hota he . Phle . Khake . Pi k . Bad me hospital me . . . Kya ye sarkar ko najar nahi aata . . Daru khutka pr bend lagao . . . .
@arjunk26 @JANVI_SHUKLA22 Beautiful
I 'm 18 but watched """" LAGAAN """" minimumm 20 times and remember it 's every seen . This man played some fine shorts behind vicketkeeper and when got out said """" chilla kaahe rahe hain """"
Kolkata ke babu mousai .. .. .. . SORRY
i love you salman je kasay huo ap
Great deal PM Modi Jii . S-400 will boost our security and our anti missile power . Jai Hind .
smoke -> mist temperature down 31 ° C -> 27 ° C humidity up 62% -> 78% wind 2kmh -> 1kmh
@RcMullapudi how is it good r bad ??
Twitter se kaha chala gya ye post
nice ! keep it up , please !
"""""""""""""""""" @KanchanGupta @DrJwalaG Looks like he was high on """""""""""""""""""""" Meth """""""""""""""""""""" 😂😂😂 """"""""""""""""""
Ary bhai baki sary ziro hi apna modi hero hi hero hi bhai hero hi apna modi hero hi hero hi bhai hero hi apna modi hero hi
Tum kab milogi amna samna
Shayd sir esa hi hai bt agr hm candles jlate hain to hm bs utne hi bujha dete hain jitne vrsh hm paar kr chuke aur age hme chlna hai uski jlne dete hain zindgi ka deepak to ek hi hai jo amr hai atl hai use hmesha prajwalit rehne dena chahiye
On that time of NZ PM visits here NZ criket team won the match is some happy to NZ PM and move with our delegates freely .
sir .. bhagvan se prathna h ki aap kai sadiyo tak jeevat rahe .. . hamari kamna puri ho .. . happy b . day sir
U r a best fighter against terror
@OfficeOfRG They have a history of beating up and killing people . It can be expected of them to do the opposite .
Aapki batting esi tarah se din doguni or rat chouguni chamakti jai sir
Sir , Alway Russia should be out Right hand ! Russia is was always with us I hope you know that ! We should boost their economy too along with us !
you should do like that ....
Tamilnadu is the dump place that you can build this kind dangerous nuclear reactors ? Because we where separated by politician . So you can do whatever hazardous and dangerous for human beings . Well done Mr. Modi . It 's all tamalian fault to choose non protective politician in our state .
Miss you big bro
Hey PC missing u all over
That celebration by cute girl after @Cristiano goal ❤ ️ #dortmundrealmadrid #ucl
Tamam Pakistani Behn Bhaiyon say appeal hai plz stop supporting South Africa , ap log unhain bhi match hara k hee chorain gae !
Tara hasband hai ya bodeguad bol praka commend DA Mara indla ko
@sardesairajdeep Honeypreet is d issue for most RDS
So I think u gonna shave ur head @camerondallas ok well I Kno u gonna rock it and changes are good so I 'm with u 😘 can n't wait for ur new look
@hardik @ImpatientWoman Arey jagah kahan hai office main ? Sab kaam chalu hai
@dna Really its shocking ! Govt shld take immediately action regarding Jobs .
Sir aaj my birthday he
Try this : https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=509946682388098&set=a.486441174738649.1073741828.485160151533418&type=1&theater
Pakistan balo tum logo kabhi nehi sudhroge """""""""" india se wc cup mach me haar haar kar tum logo ka dimag chala geya hey """""""""" .. Obi ki haar ne baad TV matt torna .. . tum log ek dusre ke sher for na .. or india se khel ne ka kovv 6or doo .. Q ki tum logoka sram nehi hey
@JarnailSinghAAP @Khalsa_Aid @RaviSinghKA Hmmm we all love you and baba ji bless you
ab pure desh me ho ga namo namo
@Nanogenix Of course I have to feed 30 Goku Blacks to get mine to SA 10 .
Salman i really like u a lot i wish wo din jaldi aaye jab aap se mulakat ho .. . may allah bless u .. .. .. wit lots of love .. ..
@Flipkart as u were promised dat delivery would be done at 26th bt now got 2 knw there is delay of 1-2dys order no . OD110300644996755000 ??
I am very proud sir ji . Wonderful sir ji super
@vinaybiotech @airtelindia They are shameless
Good luck to Sapna Punia
aaj se lekar .. sadeooo tk tumra fen rehange .. .. desh ko getao .. .. .. my broo .. .
Priyanka where u me here come
@AzmiShabana Congrats
Wish you good luck .. . Keep your head up .. You are going to create history .. in few years .. .
Virat ur nothing because i am a cristiano ronaldo fan .. .. . cricket chutiyapa h
Happy Birthday Aap Aadik sub kamanay ..
Dhoni bhai ab to jimmedari aur bhi badgayi .. .. . all da best mannn
u b p m
"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""" They 're all looking at you .. """""""""""""""""""""" """""""""""""""""""""" Believe me , they 're all looking at you . """"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""
Pick any number . Now , double it . Add 10 . Divide it by 2 . Then subtract it by the number you first thought of . It ’s always going to be 5 !!
@Its_Badshah Bhai hate nhi keh sakte it 's only #jealousy . Hate is a very strong word to be used here . Love u always ❤
Good looking and awesome pic Salman bhai
Arre Aunty , ur nephew Mohit is playing so well . beta maine maasi ko bola thha . ladka heera hai .. Kab mummy .. Kaun Mohit . mujhe laga aap eklaute ho
Wikipedia word of the day is medicaster : ( dated , now chiefly literary ) A quack doctor ; someone who pretends to have medical knowledge .
husn na maang naseeb maang ae dost ,
I liked a @YouTube video http://t.co/Y9edo1yfRN Don - khaike paan banaras wala old and new mix
Dear all need Ur support for every step to this Government .. .
bhai bhai bhai bhai i love u ek baar reply kardo na plz
True love is the most tuffest thg as like to get a job of choice . So dont loose it due to any stupid ego or unexplainable feelings or misunderstandings .. If u r so sure she is single yet .... go urself ... search her anyhow , clear the differences & get her back as the lucmist charm ever !!. I wish u a ultimate very good luck ... all thd very best , god bless .
wale salo me wo esa kam karege ki ek
90% news channel are waste , run by some political agenda ! Who watches them ? #MondayMotivation
Man having aggression .. . with big heart .. congratulations Bro .. . Allah Aap ko aur trakki de .. . Ameen
Now why do n't these so called Khans speak on triple talak . Mean guys .
NICE MOVIE WE LOVE u AB . Sir
seemat si jindgi hai insan ki
@its_Pari28 @Rinmayee_003 @ItsABhere @its_s08 @24freebird @swth10 @riku210193 Paas ho gaya .. 78 % 😁 Mere liye more than enough 😂😂
#326 : I like boobies . I specifically like the boobies of my gf's friend . I pretend not to be interested in my gf's boobies so that she doesn't suspect me leching shamelessly at her friend's boobies . I really like them boobies .
Congratulation virat kohli ji You r the best Batman 's in the world
You are brave daughter of India Happy Diwali to you and your family
@RafaelH117 Performances ? Fucking run to the box .. Run to the box . Look for tap-ins . When did ppl start considering this a performance
@sheiksav From experience and gut and not from excel sheets
what about bagger modi g .. please make their aadhar card nd give them education .. only u can that sir
modi ji ka copy paste kar liya yahan
#MyntraSaleFinale $ant ® amp @l J ! is the Great Chyren who will bring peace in the world . Haryana News पर 06:00 AM Gyan Ganga - goo.gl/RZX13M
Wishing Happy Returns of Day to Aamir Khan ji . God bless u :)
canera edar a sir g ;)
Namaste Amitabh Bachchan ji .. all the best and blessings in your family
@RajkummarRao is such a versatile actor . His performance in #Newton gives #India a strong chance at the @TheAcademy awards . luck @ManMundra
Great quote to sum up sir .
@HDFC_Bank What Gr8 policy but ur bank sending some one policy doc to some one email ids
Well done ladke yuhi mehnat karo but yaar film se pehle satymev jarur nikal dena abto kayi din se tv pe dikh hi nahi rahe aap
I am assistant director in BFDC .. I have nice story . thise story like """" TER NAM """" if you are interest to know about thise story , please contact me ? I hope it 's story make a very nice film of bollywood if casting Salman khan bhaijan .. Please contact .
Love aamirwa .. .. jaldi dangal release karo .. . i cant wait mr. Perfactnist .. love you
Very nice hmare bhagwan ji
@madhukishwar You mean to say discussion on #HoneypreetInHiding is threat to India Security .. . Seriously ?
Thanku virat bhai hmasha aisa he jeet dilata rehna chak da india
211 : throughout my 4 years at IITB I've done something I'm very proud of . I used to turn off the lights in the bogs when I saw people in the cubicles . I'd always say something like ' LIGHTS OUT ' or ' GAME OVER ' before I would hit the switch . Sorry to all who were unfortunate enough to be in those cubicles .
Sometimes the people who are thousands of miles away from you can make you feel better than the people who are right beside you .
Even the genius asks questions . – Tupac ( Me Against The World ) #daredevils #sportstar
@LiveRaghvendra Thanks God Bless !
Bhaijaan plz ap kaitrina ka publicity mat karo plz
#224 : In my 3rd yr I was working in one of the dept labs one afternoon after a very bad lunch and I had a huge urge to take a dump . Went to the department bathroom , the bog next to me was occupied , and I knew my tummy was going to get noisy , so I held it in for a good 20 minutes . It seemed like the other guy was doing the same , because neither of us moved from the toilet , nor did we plop plop anything into the pot . I was about to burst when the guy just said : \ """""""""""""""""""""" Fuck benchod , I have to go\ """""""""""""""""""""" It sounded like he had some mean diarrhea . Just a few minutes before that I recognized the guy by his shoes , it was my TA . I don't think I will be able to look at him without remembering our little encounter in the bathroom .
@jhunjhunwala Batsman ko MOHIT karate hua Apane sammohan ka sahi istamaal #ArunLalLogic
happy birthday vinod ji sir
Modi ji Ssc gd ka result decler kraye sir plsss 62300 javano ke future ka sawal h plssss sir jaldi result ghosit kraye
@RanbirTeam Happy birthday 🎂 sir 💓
Movie dkni hai to Aamir khan ki dkho warna wrestling dkho ya cartoon network dkho
Look at first face he is the only man to looked at dravid and rest all focused on cemera .. .! !! !. .. that is the difference between him with others .. .
You will be known for centuries as the God of Indian Development .. !! Proud to have you our PM .
@OfficeOfRG Congress kill hindus , like they did in 1947
Office me junior ko time dena parta hai isi lye ghar pe kaam karna parta hai .
All the best bhaijan . Love you a lot
@MAHAJANACHAL Please write back for any further assistance .
Enme sabse tejswi hamare modi ji dikh rahe hai ajab sa tej jhalk raha hai
@kksshhiittiizz @Amit_Jeswani1 i like safalniveshak . just that felt like sanjay bakshi talking ;)
@AsYouNotWish She must be busy in projecting her next political step
Virat kohli acha player ha par tendulkar se acha ni ha .. .. tendulkar ne tab score kiye jabb world class bowler thy Wasim Akram Waqar Mcgrath Murliidharan shane warne Shane bond Brett lee pollock Vass .. . ab asa 1k bi bowler ni ha .. .. tendulkar se baraaa batsman koi ni ha .. thats Alll .. .. .. .. respect from pakistaaaaan .. .. tendulkar always best .. .. kohli acha ha par tendulkar k level ka ni .. .. .. .. .. .
Always a legend true to life . Namaskar sir ..
Really nice , mere uncle bhi yahi kahate the , wo cake katne & candle buzane ke khilab the
beta kisi aur ki entry hone de sab pata chal jaega ... :p
You look amazing dear ! Keep Shining ! ♥♥
hahaha main fire ho raha hu :P
Nice Pick bro .. .. . waiting to watch you again as a captain and Wicket Keeper on field for Indian Cricket team for T20 Matches against WI .
Another chance gone begging
we lost another gems of our collections so sad
One can say that the civil grad was not very civil :p
we love u bhaijaan
<> nc dhoni () nic pic <> ♥♥♥
Bhaiiii jitaaa diaaa firrrr VIRAT ne .. .. .. .. .. . godblezzzz uh Virat uh r prfming excellent duty for urh nation .. ..
Ji . Unconditional love is bad . Love at par lives long . Love the kids but never at the cost if your self respect . Good message and it was portrayed very intensely
@PMOIndia @FinMinIndia @arunjaitley @LabourMinistry @santoshgangwar @FederalBankLtd and i applied for SBI-Federal bank 's join Credit Card
Reply me bhai pls
Gods Design and Desire Sir , Congratulations and Best wishes .
Kaptaan ko salam ! RT """""""""""""""""""""" @xtahzy : See , bringing Mohit Sharma back was a game breaker . Dhoni is on fire . """"""""""""""""""""""
Let we build a House brick by brick lay nd build our Brics home a Happy Home to live the Head of the family waiting for one that to join weizz the wise likesHappy Homes nd smiling members
@Just4Arjun @arjunk26 N cutest too .. . 😍😍😍💕💕💕 Ryt Noura 😄😄
:) So true
Sab dekho ji Yeh movie
@KoshurBlue is n't it good for us that they remain in denial ? I want them to keep doing what UPA did in their last few years
@ThePrintIndia @ShekharGupta Will wait to read it next year too .. As I did last year .. . 😀😀
Super man bhai virat kohli
Its amazing to see the way you greet the global audience with a """""""""""""""""""""" namaste """"""""""""""""""""""
Congratulations mahie .. . Virat kohli .. .. You are best in world cricket .. . Hope u will be the another legend in world cricket as like as sachine Tendulker .. . Best of luck our up coming hero .. ..
bhaijaan dream team k ¥ a hai !
sir dusheera ke din ravaan mara tha aur ise din aap ka janam din hai mera bhe janam din dushree ke din hua tha sir what a coincidence
Your simil drive me carzy dear ! I love my pc .
@autumnrainwish good night
Did u get that place !! ?
nice pic aap Bollywood ka aap star ho aap mera farive h aamir khan g aap na acha koi naith h aamir khan is best Bollywood actor .. .. .. .
Happy birthday to u deepti harish from london
WOW . A great poster .. .. You worked hard for dangal .. .. I 'm sure , will be a very good movie . we cant wait dangal . thank you for sharing .. . We love you so much .. . ☺
tere har year m koi khass movi release hona or mera tere har movi khass trike se dhekna yad rhega jab tak h jaan jab tak h jaan
FRIENDSHIP FOREVER .. .. .. .. .. .. . """""""""""""""""""""" TASTED & TRUSTED """""""""""""""""""""" .. .. .. .. .. .. .
@narendramodi Sir , Your #IncredibleIndia initiative through #ManKiBaat have taken good shape . Tourists are increasing at tourist spot . Thanks
While hearing todays external affairs official press briefing for tomorrows scheduled meeting of PM Modi ji with heads of state of both BRICS & BIMSTEC , one would feel your hard work is the real problem for many opposition leaders in this country .
M S Dhoni the unpredictable captain . Gave the ball to Jadhav and he picked up two wickets . Sacrificing his wicket for Kohli s mistake . Did nt blame and walkd off .. .. . Selfless captain for India . Kohli . played a good innings #LoveUDhoni Captain Cool <3 MSD #LoveYouVirat tooo
Right now , I just want my friends to trust me , give me some time , and not give up on me so soon .
Gr888 Move .. .. Indeed a best PM !! !
WHERE CAN I GET ME A FENTY ? 😭😭😭
ye sb tune reltn me anese pahle kyu nai soch jo ab soch raha hai uski lyf kharb karne k bd tum jaise insan ka soch kbhi nai badal sakta ..
Aaj purely hindustaniyo Ka dil khush kr de puri duniya dekh le russia aur humari dosti ko
Yes Aero totally rocks ;) ~ Ed
I am only worried at China being a member of BRICS . They do not have good intentions towards India .
Fare Forensic audit investigation to track the @EarthInfraLtd buyers advance payments . Need support @myogiadityanath @PMOIndia @ @arunjaitley
Muslim hone k baad b ye nh pta ky suicide krna kitna bada gunah h
You don't deserve to crap at all bro ;)
Miss you and nice 4tho
Ye kya hai isse acchi to other ki pic hoti hai
@yokumsay Cute pic
Bhai INDIA first .. . yaha peene paani nahi .. . out india madad nahi kar sakte .. sorry
@TIME Finally something productive come out from @GameOfThrones 😜😜😜
@NehaSharma__ Ya we want shield back in WWE with new attitude
tu sol ka aur teri gf srcc ki ... bingo combination ... :p
not been seen few mints me see cool air
#277 : I'm a campusite girl who grew up in IITB , 10-12 years back , IITB guys really had style and attitude . Sadly I was in 6th grade I used to see them while going to school ;) But now over the years I hardly see any guy who is good ... or even look halfway decent . Way back then I tried talking to some , they used to say hello baby kis school mein ho , chocolate pasand hai :( :( saala naseeb hi g**du I was in 6th grade :(
@ItsAlmasK But nothing beats a good conversation on the landline .
@SachinPilot low level paid it cell ppl .
Love you sir .. .. My dream is to meet you at least one time in my life .. .
yR u shUD mOVe oN nOw . yHa koI kiSi ka w8 ni krTa n jaANe waLe kO koI Rok ni skTa . bT i doNt undRstnD y pPL wnt a phYSicl rlTn . binA inTImate huE b loVe saALo saAL chalTa h aGR koi chaLana chaHe tOw :/
#Vizag may Century laga na #Virat .. .. Hatrik hotha hai esh ground par
Happy birthday to you in advance Mai
Mere baare mein itna mat sochna a Na Main Kabaddi Se Jyada cricket Mujhe inter se
Man up and move on !
Well , to folk who may read this , please don't get into relationships for the fun of it . It comes with a lot of responsibility towards the other person and unless you are prepared to go the whole mile please don't indulge in it .
Welcome you Mr. PM John Key ! Pls support India for NSG membership . Thanks in advance .
desh ki janta ab jagi hai
har taraf ab yahi afsane hain
@rocksreedeep Watching it tom ( Sunday ) , been hearing very good stuff about it
baaki sab ko bton ko maaro goli a mene butter chcken khya ha
congratulations and best wishes for your endeavours dear Modiji
Hi Aamir Khan I am big fan of your movies
Kane is already Tottenham 's one of the greatest players for me . World Class . He 's only 24 .
#264 : Got placed in Schlum but had two backlogs to clear . Dad struck a deal with Prof . Only had to come back end of next sem , take two mock tests . Cleared both courses . #Aero rocks !
@TAEMINSTANN DID YOU ORDER THE RANDOM VERSION PAGE OH MY GOD
Happy diwali pc like wish to you and your family you 're very cute and pretty .
better than career !
kal ke match me kya hoga , jab mai cricket khelta hu to mujhe virat kohli kahte hai .
Love you mere bhai
Mny mre hpy b 'dy hitlar ka beta farhan .. . when we see such idiots film agn ?
Wait you 're going to be on Chelsea ?! She brings all the strong and independent women to her show to have relavent and intelligent discussions .
Aapka picha nahi chodati he controvesry sir par aap he hi bade star to star honeka ye to sahana padega
@akyiitg Kindly elaborate your concern over DM . Thanks VA
Welcome u as a paratrooper dear . U r lucky that u a waiting Maroon cap . All the best
Hi friends new to fb add me
Happy dhan teras modi sir ji .. .. .
Sab desh ko sath ek sath kar ne bala pm modi ji ko koti koti pronam , ajj tak world ka koyi neta nehi kar paya , sab ke sath sab ka bikash , I am proud of you sar .
@BULL9313 @Iyervval @muglikar_ @ARanganathan72 He mentioned muslims too and said why KA does not think on those lines .
Anyone wondering about results just ask one qs -good goal keeper at back and top striker at front .. do we have either ? #LFC
This girl ! Hmmm
maa - beta tum kyu ro rhe ho ?
omg , my dad loves him my dad doesn't know yet my dad has close personal photos with manna dey rip
My god namo-namo ( modi ji ) Jai-jai-jai namo-namo
But you must tell ki pehle wale mein kya buraai thi
Salman bhai zindabad am ur biggest fan
ap use bol q ni dete english m apko thoda problm h smjhegi agr lv krti h to
Best of luck sohail bhai
Sir , you should advertise of our cultural antiant product which we Indian are forget which are used by our mother , grand mother in many festival , please create those memories by advertise film , serials etc , then inspire the business who knows this skill , our poor business man waiting for you sir ji , then my India shall develop than China
Great going Sir , keep up the friendship
@OfficeOfRG They have a history of beating up and killing people . It can n't be expected of them to do the opposite .
Love u sir .. 1 day I will play with u sir .. Promise .. Har har MAHADEV :)
He was a wonderful performer . Nobody can forget his character in Lagaan . As far as i knohw , he is one of the many highly underrated performers and only Ashutosh govarikear utilized him rightly in his differnt movies . May his departed soul rest in peace . Kathinaai .. .. kathinaaai .. .
United are on 🔥 #MUFC
@sardesairajdeep @IndiaToday Sack ? Kis khushi mein ? Tumhare porki congressi
Mr Modiji is the best PM ever in India and one of the most powerful person in the world .. lol .. . respect u sir .. :)
@Aryanarendera Kindly share the invoice of the amount you paid at the airport so we can check and update you .
V . Good jai hind
making my way into the fantastic universe @theweeknd
Thats y u need a proper striker some times
end wala paragraph mast h bss isi k bharose m apna revenge ni leti
always forward from other people and girls . amazing and very talented girl PC . everyone know that .. .
@pehps_ White
bob marley bhi confessions snd krne lg gya is page pe kya bt hai page trakki pe hai 3 :)
Satyamev Jayate , Lagaan , TZP , Rang De Basanti , 3 Idiots Sarfaroshi , Mangal Pandey HAVE BEEN MADE FOR MONEY . But they do n't that Aamir Have refused All game shows and more than 300 Masala Films . I do n't know India very well but i can say that Aamir loves india more than anybody else . He is the truly Indians . we love you aamir
Kay pic heel Viral u r rokzzzzzz
All the best sapna punia .. .. .. we all are your supporters
I am not much interested in animals . But jo bhi aap karen , ek like to Banta hai
@trijata7 Niceee
You should have borrowed \ """""""""""""""""""""" Vernier Callipers\ """""""""""""""""""""" from the lab ...!! :P
delhi university confessions ki jagah miranda house confessions rakh yaar tu is page ka naam ...
Salam sar main kese hai ap
@rajpratap28 @taslimanasreen @HIMESH_SS Oh , so sad
Aamir . I will never watch ur movie . U insulted lord Shiva ..
@deepakgauri9 They were supposed to submit the compliance report today but without giving reasons they did n't . Hence the court scolded 😶
wonderful pic of you
Nw the time virat kohli to take captaincy ODI&T20 .. .. .. virat is attacking captain .. . indian batting lineup depend on kohli .. .. . me big fan of kohli .. .
We are confident that all your sincere and honest efforts will lead to citizens getting best services
Oye dawood Ahmed Ibrahim tera Lund ukhaad K chaurahe par taang doonga to Pakistani kutte bhi soongh kar chod denge madharchod raand ki aullad
@masilan yes . can watch 1 time .
@ratigirl @republic That 's Arnab strategy . I often seen as someone starts , he names d some1 from opp . to counter . @republic
Mujay Amir Je sy bat krni hy agr koi mhrbani kr k mera ye pigam un tak poncha day too please hellp me friends agr ap min sy koi kr skta hy tooo pleaseeeee
Whew the dressing up !
ZiNdGe kE TaLkhiYon nE cHeeN le sHaRarTaiN mEri AuR LoG sAmjTy mAgRoOr hO Gya uN mAin For more U
From one admin to another _/\\_ sometimes even we feel we are not worthy of knowing Eddie , our super senior . ~ Jerry
Modi ji we want back our lands like pok , aksai chin , area illegally occupied by China in arunachal Pradesh . We also need to support the freedom fight of Tibet . Help Tibetan and secure their freedom .
Together towards greater success prosperity
Ready to attack__ virat samraat
Well watching u bat also is a different experience altogether .. us open 's honored to hav u .. .
BOTH LOOKS LIKE VILLAIN . INDIAN CINEMA TE ACTING KORTE PARE .
Hi sir I m big fan sir good night sir ji
dil se like Bhaijaan
ModiJi , We Hope your Fruitful talk with him will be the Cement to our Both Nations Ties , You could create Job opportunities for our Youths , Investing on the Technical Innovation will make Economy Strong , that is the way to improve our Peoples Life , Go Ahead , and we Love You .. .
Are phle to leta k h kn l9 pe , aivi bakne lga
A very Happy B 'day to great Economist , Reformist & former PM of India @_ManmohanSingh ji
Happy maha ashtami sir .. please come to kolkata
congratulations . sab facebook dost jaein , salman bhai ki sultan wali picture deekhayen aur pehli shopping Salman bhai ki taraf se muft . sab ke liye eid ka gift from cute salman bhai
Hon , sir great job . your vision is true & great . i think best roll model of indian
Heavy firing on Border Will war starts ? Be ready to strong Reaction . Abb last moment tak . Final .
Baby ko bass pasand hai !! !! Mere ko salman pasand hai !! !
Aapko apna promise yaad hai na
@Dimafadma My prayers , my best wishes are always with you , unconditionally . u need me at anytime , u will find me there , no questions asked .
#261 : Hi admin , now you have done enough of shit , now do something for the guys still suffering at IITB , do arrange socials with Sophia and other colleges , then you will get news of things worthy of confessing !!!
Happy Diwali to you and your family priyanka . Much love from Liberia .
@team_barun @dna Yeahhh maza aayega this Sunday .. excited
accept what is .. . et go of what was & have faith in what will be .. .
"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""" tu hoga zara pagal tune mujhko h chunaa .. """""""""""""""""""""" IDK these lines fit so well on shivika situation as we saw since epi 1 💗💗 #Ishqbaaaz """"""""""""""""""
kitne din tk b'day celebrate hoga oldmonk ka ... ab iss cover ko hta bi de bhai :P
we are supporting g
Now I know why u guys broke up ? Yaar ... Xavier's ki bandi ko \ """""""""""""""""""""" Theory of Probability\ """""""""""""""""""""" kya Ghantaa chamkega ???!!!
You should have taken a naked or half naked pic of him and share it on his fb wall . :)
All the best dhoni bhai & kohli bhai
Such a waste of opportunities .. shocked how we din score again . #LFC
Ab kya kahoge log topi pahanate hain Modi ji ne to 4 diggaj logon ko jacket pahana diya .
"""""""""""""""""" @SheepyRS @angelsscapes Meanwhile for me : """""""""""""""""""""" Wow you 're shorter than I was expecting Omg you so small and tiny !! ! """"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""
Piryanka ham aapke sath hai
Aa gaye hero my fev since Maine pyar kiya .. .
Congress would be better off being led by a Poltergeist at this juncture !
rip mannadey ji , prayers
Kya JUNOON hain aur kya JAZBA hain . Ab cricket pe bus ek virat ka he KABZA hain .
@salmanaddict hahahaha kbhi kbhi lalach achi hpti hai re :p maybe hogya to phr to balle balle oye
@RahulSinhaZee Sir any action against police officer who tried to derail investigation ??
This is also Aero !!!
Breaking new . . India army ne 152 pakistani kabutar pakhary hai . . . Madia k mutaqib indian army kehte hai k ye kabutar pakistan ki jasos hai lolzZ
vote for the dream team bjp and it s allies , nda and kick the butt of the dirty team , idelhie congress / upa in the ensuing 2014 polls
y d hell u look fr our chappals ..... u mr/miss showoff please stop confessing ... u r making the page boring :P
sunlight is a gud source of vitamin-d
#NZ Walon or choro catch wo bhi virat kaa ache player kaa catch choro ge to yehi hoga tm hare sath .. .. #well_played #V_K
Taimur game on hai
Best of luck bhai ..
I do n't feel bad if someone rejects me .. . People usually reject expensive things because they can n't afford them ..
CONGRATULATIONS(GOD BLESS TOYOU&YOUR FAMILY)Aap Jio Hazaro Saal
Jb tk suraj chand rhe ga tb tk THE GREAT AAMIR KHAN RHE GA lv u aamir sir gg .. ..
@Tweet2bunny @cricketaakash Ye sab @virendersehwag ke childish humour se inspire hain .. .
nice to see , i think its first time happened in india where all leaders are coloured the colours of india . aur wo bhi modi jackets
kam toh naahe Better he ji
Frustration .... LOL :)
main toh kick movie k badh gajra ka fan ban gayaaa
Aap TV par add de or use band karvane ki kosis kare
So shocked at what 's happening in #BHU !
@kaul4 @Ameet_04 @mlkhattar Nobody cares for your NOTA . Find good alternative candidates and support them
@pehps_ Android
Priyanka tag ur pic here this ur fb account now plzz plzz iam waiting plz
I love iitb IITB Confessions
Ole ole Har bat pe fuck bolte ho ... papa ne kuch nai sikhaya
kejriwal - i wl mak system
shadi apne bf se karni chahiye ,. . dusro k bf se to parents bi kra denge :-P
@pehps_ High all the time
Pakistan Zindabad .. .. indian darpokh hoty .. .. . Indian board also darpokh .. . Pakistan k sath series khailne sy darty .. .. dum hai to khailo
@gsforever22 But seriously tho , get OP5 .
spandan first years 2017 #miniutopia #comingsoon
Bat ki jagah kabhi border par ja bhai kohli army ke jawan ko na toh add milta hai na tere barabar paisa wAha ka kohli
@Babu_Bhaiyaa toss dhoni ne jita ya team india ne
I truly want to say Russia is only country which is against terrorism and supports India .
@sagarcasm Get married and you can be neither 😂
Is tomorrow 's OOP out ? #LaverCup
Jheet k ana Love from Pakistan
pori team k khilaf operation hona chahiye aur misbah ko b ab team k jan chorni chahiye . shoib akhter
Dakshin Jawahar Vignesh Vijaykumar see mass dhoni trying to imitate thalaivar , virat kohli will imitate you(Dakshin Jawahar ) only dhandom .. thu
Vvv nic pm best of lak
Hi virat .. I am from Pakistan .. But you are Best batsman in the world .. I love you <3
Ten & msd making fun of defence
Bhai dil se like
You are absolutely gorgeous
FB 1498 - NO .. NAHIN .. nanana nan .. it is not ' PINK 2 ' .. it is called exploiting a success factor .. !! ! hehehe
A very happy birthday Mr Aamir khan .. .. . good wishes Mrs honey Chandwani -Lifeline
Expecting five more centuries in upcoming home test matches
NEVER B PRESSED .. .. . .. .. . YOUR TIME IS COMING
@_rchi_2504 Thanks So Much For The Share !
Aamir bhai masaallah kya body hai
Very nice pic and as usual Amit ji u are always modest !!
Khali baat hi krega modi or kuchh nai
Congrats . We are the sons of Light and children of God . So go ahead . Victory yours . Jai Hind .
Thanks Dear Friends Mahendrasingh and Dear Prabakaran for liking my opinion on PMs post .. .! Best regards
waiting to see this !! ! :) <3
@pehps_ A lot
Tum achha khelungi to Match jitenge barna Match harunge . ishi poristiti hogaya Team pe . hum bhi nahi a bat bolthiti humhara gai me tamam lok kehethi he .
Hume bhi add kar lijiye . please comments your WhatsApp no
Parnam sir ji subhratri
Aha great #love for #you
Beard wali bakri ghar ma cat b shair hoti bahir phat jati teri hahahahaha sara bolo gayyy hind .
Is harami ko kashmir and Israel ka zulm nazar nie ata Ullo ka patha kanjar ka bacha
Confusion yeh hai ki chhori kaun aur chora kaun
We all want India-Russian ties to be strong on defence sectors .. Respected PM kindly make strong agreement with russia on defence sectors
Dada you are greate . Ross Taylor apko ak jibon dan diya usko faida uthia ak incredible khelkar Match jita diya usku tum samjadiya Catch miss to Match miss .
ab ni aa skti congress
@vinayaravind No way :)
Yaar sultan dekh ke thak gaya hai mein chahta ka salman khan apni choice badla its not about digital salman
In case of GTA Services , provided to an Individual not registered under GST and not a business entity , liability to pay GST is on
delhi ki koi housewife ya girl meri frnd bnke mere sath chat kro inbox me aao
@nV_ScreaM_ Coz he 's sick of your one tapz
"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""" From life 's school of war : what does not kill me makes me stronger """""""""""""""""""""" — Friedrich Nietzsche , Twilight of the Idols #quote """"""""""""""""""
@Atish31489427 Lovely lovely lovely
Bhai ye f ko tu kahi double meaning mein to use ni kar raha
Ffs Firmino that almost you scored
Aap kabhi kisi #shahid #soldier ke ghar pe gaye ho kya #Priyanaka ji ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ??
@pehps_ Her shyari .. ..
my favrat HERO Amitab bachchan sir ap ki har film ki misal nahi super hit
@aliaa08 ❤ Love u ❤
@SirJadeja He has no guts to expose other . Himself was exposed 5-6 days ago . Blind bhakt
Can you share some examples of #iot innovation in the agriculture sector ? #STinsights @TomRaftery @imoyse
How immature ..!! bitch grw up ! : @
aah km lot aa
Greek has 24 alphabets only !!!!
Woww , you look great ' BHAIYA ' .. LOVE YOU SOO MUCH .
father`s name mr b p nautiyal
@pr_akash_raj @desimojito Feeble no means yes .. . : high Court approved .. . Then mange ram ghanepan is born on 29th Feb
tiger bhaijaan love u from pakistan
We still remember Chini Indi bhai bhai and the back stabbing in 1962 , hence we have to be very careful with China , we cannot be fooled again .
i am a great fan but would like to know how much of your wealth you give to the poor and sick
@duluthkorn Of course I have . These are random musings and insecurities I wonder about
Frustrating game 😤
i m 23 year old boy from delhi koi girl ya bhabhi meri friend bnke mere sath bate kregi inbox me messge kro mere
Sir you are the best jai hind sir I proud of you
Bhaijaan , hamare Lia koi msg bhi bhejo hamare Facebook par .. .. .. .. . chahe social msg ya good thoughts I Realy like it . .. ..
ms dhoni best captain ms dhoni cool captain ms dhoni not best batsman but no . 1 finisher . no . 3 best wicket kipper icc rankings
Thanks singh sahab and we praud to be a Sikh
Shoib aktar gone rowdy on national television , giving Pakistan team a royal dress down . Jago Misbah Jago . LYAO . https://t.co/qOMbB3anfm
Hi virat .. . I am from pakisan but still you are my favourite batsman in the world .. . I really love u
Happy dussehra n Happy Birthday Amit ji
Do n't know why just wanted share this ..
Bhai logo ne mujhe Kuta bola .. . kamina bola , per aaj tak kisi n Tati Ni Bola .. . ( Nice looking sir during this dialog )
Its have been the achievement of India
@Snapdeal_Help It ’s plain cheating
jeena nhi h to chalang lga k age bdho sir g ...
Oye hoye ik hor out !!! Balle balle #IndvsSA
@GauravPandhi @chintskap If u feel so disgusted by people around u .. . atleast do nt go at places which r crowded and u know tht !!
Happy Birthday sir ji
salman ji waana meet u once in my life
Logo ko pagal bnana bandh kro . :p fakerz
Warm welcome to PM John Key , who is visiting India . I am sure his visit will further cement India-New Zealand ties .
@moronhumor @Babu_Bhaiyaa Get over her 😂
Great salman bhai .. . charity k liye kuc b karege .. .
Good win after a thrilling match away at BVB . Magnificent goals ! #HalaMadrid
@TataSwach 9 days . : #TataSwachQuiz
Osm pic my jaan
Ab chor v dubara hath mila raha hai nawaj ki tarah ye v wahi karega jo nawaj ne kiya dhhokha
@nickatnyteYT There should be a borrow gems feature in this game
Look dekh zara ekdam faad jise kehte h , wo wala Sagar Rathore Deepak Mayur
@OfficialFPL Aguero or Morata for the next game week ?
I always see LAGAAN only for His acting .. .. .. R.I.P.
Vitat ki baar-e , main aur kya kahoon .. .? ? He is the real cricketer .. .. .. ..
Hit and run p based hai kya
Love u Dhoni sir
Sir . . your self 2nd Chanakya .. . to India . . Jai Hind .
@Mezzapunta @registability Bürki is shit obviously . He was dreadful in that game v Monaco last season .
@OfficeOfRG Then pl let them do Where is your role in it ? U neither kisan nor mazdoor 😁😂
Very good salman bhai mashallah
Good u sallo bhai
As movi k direcer ap ho
Sir ek reply bhi nahi de sakte kya apne fans ko aap post karte rahte ho ek reply kar doge to kya kuchh bigad jaayega
Holy Crap ...
enjoy kr bhai tere pichle jnm k krmo ka fal mil rha ha tuge vrna mehnat to sb krte ha
Fake human Rehn de tu .. .
Beautiful analysis . You are the best .
Boy - badlapur dekhne chale Girl - M watching india vs sa Boy ( calls his mom ) - Maa , maine ladki dhoond lee ...
so u are not hot
@gary_hensel True
Well .. . Just do not lose to death You love . ❤
open a start up :D
plus , i don't have a heart !
Yo priyanka great to see you growing
Baaki sab theek hai .. .. . Tussi jacch rhe ho sirr .. .. ..
Congratulations and welcome to you all BRICS family members to India . Jai Hind .
@narendramodi Proud of you #PM of #India 💯 Doing great work
@AlluSirish Perfect picture ❤ ️
Sir please do some for our education system too coaching Mafia , reservation system , corruption causing depression in meritorious poor and middle class students
u r great bhai I luv u bhaijan so much
tigar ko dekh kar too tigar banne ki koshish kro jai hind only modi
@cinephile93 @shreya1526 We are already
Thank You @Twitter From moving to : Ramayana - 140 characters ! To , Mahabharata - 280 characters #280characters #twitter280 #indianjoke
Long live india afghan
Bhai to bhi dhoni ki tarah Buddha hogaya Teri bhi dhadi ke Baal sfed ho gaye ..
padai likhai sb bhad mai gyi phele kiss karlo bus :p kitni %age ayi beta apki 12th mai ?
@eqrab @HajraAbbottaba @AnjumIqbalPTI Array yar hans kar dil na jalao abhi sara din office main bhi kaam karna hay
Should have taken off Firmino instead of Mane
I Love you indina jai hind sir
Superbb Awsmmm .. . : -* uhh r looking cho Cute .. . : -*
@siddharth3 Not even hyperbole tbh
Ek shamy Es bhai tha jab mahi ko koi nahi janta tha phir 2006 me mahi gwalior khelne aaye or kismat ne kya karbat li us bakt kA me bhi shkchhi hon us bakt me bhi aap ke shath Dressing room me
Toss jita .... Match jita ... #IndWins
@DrWidad_A Congratulation .. . Hope your nation now will achieve success and have a proper democracy :)
har dil ki chaht mile ek sacchi mohabbat beshaq logo ki najro main humara
@khusshhagrawal can't wait yaar . I'm in office . Accha atleast give me some hint * Maine bhi diya tha :p
Open one in Bhiar olso ; ds effrt cn also give upliftment to the state .. #fashoionupliftment
@herlavishhustle karaoke night needed .. craving ..
@angelsscapes @SheepyRS I 'm short , probably that 's why you did n't see me 😂
#236 [ M2K ]: There was a very nbdu PhD dude in my lab and he was really bad in English . He asked me to proofread a paper he wrote , I spent 2 weeks sitting on it doing nothing , at the last minute I told him it needs a full rewrite as the language is very bad and made up a fart story saying how hard I have been working on his paper since 2 weeks etc etc ... In the end I rewrote it in 2 hours and handed it over , his prof was so impressed he asked how and the nbdu told him he took my help , the prof insisted that my name be written as a co-author . And that's how a 4-pointer gets a paper published with a highly reputed prof in an international journal ;)
koi muje btayega du colleges kke form r cutt off kab ayegi
apni shokhi khudi martay rehty hou .. .
Ajay thakur best player .. .. .
Aap ko dekh k bhakti aati hai .. .. . I salute you .. .. . Long live modi government .. .. . Bharat Mata Ki jai !! !
I am your big fan .. . mera apse milna ka sapna hai .. kob aoge kolkata plz inform on facebook
Jio hajaro sal sir !! !! ! :)
Its great pleasures to . all Indians .. . prime minister has leading the country like superman .. .
ye American Ke Saaath Kiyon HAi ?
Tension mat le buddy . Just enjoy yourself and remember that many of the most successful people failed badly before they hit their peak . Steve jobs got fired from his own company . Brad pit used to dress up as a giant chicken before he hit big as a huge hollywood star
@mcdonaldsindia Thank you for quick response :') I 'm loving it
Just setting up my Twitter . #myfirstTweet
sorry to say that but srk looks old it seems that anushka is enjoing a ride with his chacha
@thesushmitasen Looking stunning Mam @thesushmitasen
Love u sluu bhai
Best wishes .. .. .. sallubhai ad all team
“ @sambha_bhilane : Mohit Sharma ke upar mata chad gayi hai ” Sharmaji aaj emotions ko bhi express kar rahe hain !
Come on United @ManUtd
@nugustay Do n’t start 👀 zzz
Excellent and Great ModiJi , My India is Getting Better , Moving Forward , We Hope your brilliant doings will make India Great .. . Keep doing your dazzling performance ModiJi , Your people are with you , We Love You , Shine India .. .
but you have spoken such words that are intolerable
chill maar .... many awesome kickass things to do in life ... involve urself in good activities
Happy birthday .. . ( kaliya ) .. .. kon kisi ko bandh saka sahiyad to ek deewana hai tod ke pinjraa ek na ek din panchhi ko udjana hai .. ..
Hii Kisi ko without any investment paise kamanee h toh VOH muje personal me msg kr sakta Hai .. Guys m serious I am not joking .. ! So try now .. !! Kuch bhi investment ni krni so mujhe personal m msg kree ab
n wadra nai janta ki main kaun hoon .... i guess koi nai janta ... he he . :p
bhaiya where r u . i can't spot u .......
Good morning sir Amitabh Bachchan ji .. thank you
We r the best ;)
@GaryLineker Dont worry . Cr7 will catch up . Harry Kane is nothing , can n't score tap-ins like cr7
oh BHAI love u
@Sai_ki_bitiya Let that be a mystery .. . 😊😊
virat ji you are the best player in the world and i am big bigger biggest fan of you
Where z d tattoo ?? ?? :/
Kab Unki Aankho Se Izhar Hoga Dil Ke Kisi Kone Mei Hamare Liye Pyar Hoga Guzar Rahi He Raat Unki Yaad Me Kabi to Unko Bhi Hamara Intzar Hoga .. ! Good evng
Respected Mr Prime Minister Narendra Modi ji you are such a great man you deserve this job you are a second person as a prime minister first of Shri Atal Bihari Vajpayee ji and second person you I salute to you Jai Hind Jai Hind Jai Hind I pray to you always
@Writer_Foodie @Writer_Foodie thanks for the retweet ! Have a great pujo ! 💐
Mohit Sharma jesay kachra bowler ko wickets mil rahi hain -_- #IndvsSA
@NiazDiary @KhanEijaz Appreciate the effort . Cheers
Birthday ke din hum log cake kyu laate hai aur janamdin aise kyu maanate hai iska main reason yeh hai ke hum aapni mathai isliye nahi khaate ke log hummein peechda hoya na maane backword na maane hum modern lage isliye sirf isliye yeh dramebaazi karte hai jo ke ghalat hai
@H0SE0KIE Miss you tooo WYD
@Joeegan199 He has been playing that role well so far , just a bad day at office . Rest him but do n't write him off .
yeah it will be a certain goal no power can stop winning goal
Pls do n't kill muslims
BAHUT MST H VIRAT BHAI ASE HI KHELTO RHO OR INDIA KO MATCH JITATE RHO CONGRATS GOD BLESS YOU
Today i unlike u . bcz my country india is first
True champion our soldiers fight at border you at cricket field Jai hind
#286 : 4 years ago a Xavier's girl met an IITian and they started going out . They then broke up because of stupid problems . The probability of you reading this is virtually nil but I do wish we had never broken up . I know yoU'RE still single but I haven't been able to tell you my real feelings . If somehow you magically see this and msg me I know the universe is giving me a sign that we should be together again .
wlcmmmmmmmmm .. . in himachal virat
bas cartoon banke ghumtey raho aur hamare desh ki badnami karwatey raho mantri pad sambhali nahi jati toh kisi aur ko dedo kursi bachpan mein khel kud nahi kiye they kya jo ab iss umar mein shokh umadh raha hai
Virat is looking awesome you will put another century in 4 odl some times 200 will for virat some times deafting Rohit Sharma 262 vs west indies I think virat will put 311 n.o v.s new zealand and some times bumrah will take 6 wickets but my hero is vk abd gayle chahal kl rahul dhoni manish pandey rahane Rohit Sharma and the unstoppable sachin tendulkar
Sir aap ko parnam ji
Lallu weds lulia .. Eid hai toh Salman hai Eid nahi toh Salman kuch bhi nahi
india won the kabbadi worldcup 2016 won our hearths kabbadi ke champions h champions hi rahenge world cup hamara h or hamara hi rahega , isa kese ho jaye ki koi bhaar se aakar hame haraye anup , ajay is real hero of the match legend kapil dev jb suru se hamare saath he to jitna to ty hi tha
very nice look and beautiful bollywood actor priyanka chopra ..
yaha to black b chlega par koi ho to sahi ...
Hindusttani tum logo par lanat hai pakistan k taraf si ok gandi barti
Do u loVe #BANHLADESH ?? ??
kesanvichanla Hi there . We 'd like to move the conversation to DM . Please follow us and let us know when you have . #Google
:) Bot Site -- -- > trial-b.tk <3 Bot Powered By 3 :) Abdul Rehman <3 ✌
vvv hard work sir .. .. u r the real hero u do more n more hard work for ur any movie and u win janta kaa pyar .. . sir u know vvv well Jo jeta wohi sikandar .. . all the best for all ur movie
@kishiarora @reshii Likewise . I did n’t see M though . ❤ ️
Kuch bhi kar lay pap nahi dhulega tere movie to net par he dekhengay .. .. .. .. .. .. ..
V kohli sab ka bap hero im pak bus dil jan hero india virat i love for ind and Mahi
@lustylicious Ohh fuck yeah baby
U r best actress in tha world
India's lucky charm - - Mauka Mauka ads #IndvsSA #CWC @StarSportsIndia
A little Girl asked her Father : Do all Fairytales begin with “ Once upon a time .. ? ” Father : No Some begins with - “ MITRON ” 😂😂😂😂 #WhatsApp
Siddharth Nandan Thakur :P
Indian team depends only on viraat kohli shoulders .. .. , without kohli India can n't do anything .. .
I think , #priyanka chopra has a anti national ideology .. .. Jab hmare zavan sahid ho re the us time inki chaht thi ki hmare zavano k katil inki mezbani kree .. .
e vipachh ki sajish hai
veere kaha ho abi . chandigarh . mountview . j w marretete . ya taj .
Happy Birthday , Sir ji !!
Ap aaj kal atni lat post q kr ty ho Kia ap busy hoooo
@miacallista10 Lovely
Match toh dur ki baat hai pakistan nai abhi tak toss bhi nhi jita toh match kya khak jitenge ... 😎😎😎😎proud to be indian #WorldCup2015
So qut you baby
\ """""""""""""""""""""" Best Moment at IITB\ """""""""""""""""""""" ? Seriously ? As was mentioned in a few posts - quality of confessions from newbies stands apart from the rest . Stand in the center #279 , while we all aim at you ......
pakistan india ki gand mary ga aik bar jung kr k dakh lo chutiyo
Bumrah has a different kind of bowling action but to call him Yorker king is a bit over the top .
Ok Sallu hum dekhege ye movie .. .. { Sorry Sallu }
Nice gestures to show people that u can afford a pet . Aur pets sirf diwali aur holi main hi kyun yaad ate hai bhala ? Roads par bhi toh janwar marte hain . Uske liye toh koi initiative/awaz nahi uthata ? Na koi hisaab rakhta hai ?
1 year of Bajrangi Bhaijaan
sabse ache wale look ki toh photo dali hi nahi yar
Congratulations team Indian and all fans of kabadi
Salu bhai im a big fan u
Rus chaina pak ye SB mile hue he .. .
Jasha salman khan ka naam word ma bolta ha , usi prakar match ma kohli ka . Ab dono ka ya big fan ha anurag singh
Sir ji Only dhanywad ?
@narendramodi Sir My friend is in a great need of your help as he has passed entrance of DUSJ with 26th rank but is not able to take admsn .
Do n't believe these rogues . Let us learn their planning and strategies .
OMG !! Super hit , Super Cute duo & their Love Story , absolutely rocking . Just chill out , its both of your well deserved kit Kat break . Prism debut should Look cute on Llyod TV too : )
Kitna din ho gaye . Sab yaad hai . Pehle bachche the ab young ho gaye .
Bhai how r you ?
Ab tak hamne MS . DHONI Ko cricket ke maidan me dekha tha aur ab jung ke median me dekhange . Very nice
today is very sad day in sangit life
wind in :P . totaly crazy ....!. india m sirf yahi ho rha h kya aajkal !. jo bilkul e vehle hote hein . aaj jate hein DUC pe cnfssn karne - !. stop nonsense ol dis !
Only Virat Kohli Sir break the record of Sachin Tendulkar sir of most number of hundreds in both formats . Love your nock sir in todays match . India Wins hurray ..
#230 : During my final year in EP , all the nbdu nerds in our dept started chilling out . For my birthday we were supposed to have a small treat so I gave the money to this dept topper and told him I will meet you guys later . So as it turned out that these guys went and had the treat without me and then simply put the blame on poor EP nbdu topper , when all he was famous for was laughing all the time ( apart from the fact that he was the most intelligent guy of our batch ) .
Inspired ~ Thank you !
Aj kal k modern students teachers ko v nai chhodte yar huhh
Beautiful But Please stop the China and Taiwan all the products in our india Save indian Rawmaterial Company Please save Indian industrial Save indian people 's Save the future of our children 's Please JaiHind .
@brfootball @GilletteUK Messi the GOAT
thanks body
aam insan ke liye diwali kya aor holi kya mere yahan asie parivar jo log kamte to hain lekin unke karj inte rent pe dete hai jo kamate hain sirf vyaj dene main hi chla jata hain aise logo k liye aap kuch kijiye modiji
Hay bhai kaise ho plz apna nuber do na bhai batt karne ka bhut mann hai
Are you both planning to watch India vs . New-zealand match today .. .. . i think it 'll be a good sign for frindship & cooperation between both the country .. .. & ,,, offcourse """""""""""""""""""""" Modi style """"""""""""""""""""""
congratulation sir for third mangeshkar award
Sar aap ne to Bonsh to dabl de ke liya bola tha Wo campani nhi de rhi hai , Gretar noida
garjanaaa ab teh hai pappu ka marnaaasaa
kick on the butt first and start the game
Slow Down & Renew Life moves fast . Renew yourself by slowing down and savoring the little things . Watch rising sun , waves , little flowers , water waves , clouds and be with nature . Its going to renew and bring back your focus .
Im only your big fan aur hamesha big fan from my beautiful land himalayas
Mohanjo daro ko v promote kar dijiye
"""""""""""""""""""""" @mohamm_s : LOL facebook pe ek video Dekha Shoib akhtar Misbah ki le raha tha Usme ha ha """""""""""""""""""""" DDLJ Forever In Maratha Mandir
Aapki movie dekhi .. . aaj .. wow awesome movie .. Sultaan
@RabiaAnumm True that .. . Coz PSL can n't afford an Indian even as a commentator .
HI ! I am your Bangladeshi fan .. .. .
isi khushi k mauke pe @thetanmay & sab AIB k team ko gaaliyan deke khushi manao #WontGiveItBack #IndvsSA
Hi amir this is raju karmani from mithi Pakistan mithi city is at indopAk border line
Hello sir I am Ramniwas s/o shivsing I live at ghadhi vrindavan bamrauli katara city Agra State up Sir main apna talent dikhana chahta Hun in bowling please sir aap jaldi jawab dena
Our learnerd well mannered our global priminster respectable priminster humble tough sir how do u get a strength ? My one request sir instead of global billions spending on armanement let 's eduquate our globle foundation evoke powarty than spending billions in weapons or we are we Hindus or india we have enough we keep buying as this manufacturer this is nothing profit able than selling weapons of mass destruction sir sorry let 's spend on education eredixate pieary 700 million plus our Indian population lives on mere . 50 pence please as a British Hindu and as our grandparents and our parents at the age of 16 migrated to africa let 's make india as an educated every Indians has made on research obroad sir just think am sorry if I offended u real Hindu Bhupendra raja
"""""""""""""""""" @akcrysis In what sense , exactly , was it """""""""""""""""""""" amazing """""""""""""""""""""" , may I know ? """"""""""""""""""
yes yes u plz like this page
Not possible for me Sir g ., , However wish u best of luck .
Leo Caprio reuniting with Scorsese for a Teddy Roosevelt biopic Hope it is better than J Edgar
@Dugguholick @Ankitaker Pichli baar never seen before bolke befikre diya
Salman tujhe dikhawa karna zaroori tha kya . If u r rewarding money then u should learn from nana patekar who helps the widows of suicide committed farmers .
Sir ma bhut problem ma plz help me
Kartikeya Lakhanpal your wish finally came true !
Suhail khan ki movie .. .. hi hi hi
Sir kya app Jude ho es abhiyaan se
#341 : Best part of the placement orientation was that hot Matki Chick . Really wanna hook up with her . Suggest a way .
my fevret hiro aamir khan
luv u sir . mere pas sabd nhi aapki tareef ke liye . mera salute sir aapko . aap mere rab ho
bhaiiiiiiiiiiiii aap ne parde na mera pichla comment mene ussme likha tha k me aap ko bhai bolunga haaaa bhaiiiiiiiiii
@_sabanaqvi Rohingyas need to be kicked out
Kya bhaiya ? Aap pehele kitne handsome the !! ! Ab bhi hai !! Lekin mujhe lagta hai aapka pehla wala look isse behtar tha !! !
Maine sabhi k posts padhe yaha par . Koi UPA ka support kar raha hai to BJP ka . Bt the fact is UPA ho ya BJP dono ek hi sikke k 2 pahlu hai . Jise jitna chance mila usne utna luta is desh ko . Mai 100% Anti modi hu & 500% anti UPA . Bt still want that ki Modi PM bane . Usk kai reason hai . Aaj desh kai tukdo me bata hua hai . Aaj kai state me Muslims Pakistan ka support kar rahe hai & vote politics ki wajah se UPA chup hai . Modi k ane se kam se kam desh me to Pakistan ka supporter nahi rahega . ( Directly to bilkul b nahi ) . Modi k ane se shaya hum Pakistan & Chin ko batter reply de paye except saying We willnt play cricket . Modi k ane se shayad economic to jarur upar jayegi . Its batter for us . So 1 bar mai Modi ko b Central me dekhna chahta hu
Ye Rohit Sharma football hi khelta hai , 20 30 runs kab tak banayega .
#305 : I'm a Sophie . My roomie colorfully talks in his sleep uttering gems like \ """""""""""""""""""""" Moti , aaj tu chudegi , mera lund bhaya kya tujhe ? \ """""""""""""""""""""" usually followed by lusty moaning and the occassional lecherous scream . Nosises of the sort have been heard time and again in our wing . So one time a few of us decided to reply to each on of his sleep-shouts in a pseudo-feminine voice . Disaster . Our responses aroused him so much more that the shithead grabbed his crotch a few times and then pulled his wang right out and started beating his monkey . And we just watched like chootiyas .
@pehps_ I knew everything abt her
Find someone who enjoys parathas at a dhabha with you , as much or more than fine-dine at a continental restaurant .
50 years ago everyone owned a horse and only the rich had cars . Today everyone has cars and only the rich own horses .
Every day is a new day , try to keep on obey God Jesus and pray without fear
@purusottamcho10 Tks for support . We will work together for better India , Hinduism & BJP . NaMo ji my favourite Leader . I Love/Respect him . 🙏🇮🇳
Bahut hi badiya Lines .
i know you are the best pm after atal ji but you dont know how a company behave with employee they treet us as a slave if you have a little bit of time to us plesase do something for us
#UPCM goverment is going to close #panki power house , it 's under #Saubhagya #SaubhagyaYojana ?? There 440 MV electricity produse
@saranshk Dhoni should prompt to Faf out ho ja BC nai toh IPL khelne ko nai milega !! Hussey z back so u better watch out !!!
I like you my best criketar ms Dhoni sir
Dhoni ji namasthe ji .. super ji i love dhoni .. ..
I love virat .. .. .. more than the infinity square .. .. and it does n't matter that any another person is loving him .. .. . love you virat sir so much .. .. .
I want to sly tweet people
sir I like a lot of person have a lot of ideas to make India a superpower
u r always right sir
Hi .. .. virat U are rockstar & amazing .. .. .. . very gd looking .. .. .. virat bro .. . is the best player in the world .. .. . take care of it & Yourself .. .. . gd luck .. .. . miss u .. .. by
[ Admin Note ] Sorry guys , haven't updated the page since the past few days , I've been very sick since I came to India ... will start posting once I get better ! ~ Ed
jis din ye PM bana samjh lena us din Indian me se fir ek naya pakistan niklega ...
Music and love still can transcend boundaries . #usrahpar is simply fantabulous . A real tribute to humanwill . @AliZafarsays #CokeStudio10 #JJ
we love u SALLU
dost borrow her water bottle :D
its rly very sad day for us ,
Me black manny ko rok lagaunga . muse bolna or kam karke dikhana badi bat he
@lovely_manisha Do you like my
I like it #Freaky Ali Salman Khan become fans of #Nawzuddin who 's helps to promoting this film whereas bro Salman of Arbaaz and sohail supporting his brother to successfully thia film pls watch movies theratar on 09.09.2016 on Bakrid
Bhai tu delhi walo ka nam ku kharab kar raha itni tatti english likhi he gramaticl mistks kafi he yr eg . On ma byk ko tune in ma byk likh rakha he kya tu apni gf ko byk ke andr lkr ata tha
Are you willing to live forever without family ? with all this fame without family , life become worthless and needless . but I admire your potentials .
Me taiyaar ho sir
@jaavedjaaferi @AJEnglish All part of the Greater Israel ' plan . Zionists and Sauds are hands and gloves on it .
pethetic fool get out of my country
sabse badi galti to defence k bande ko bf bnakar ki
Sorry we are not for sale :D
Khedut nu pan vicharo saheb
@DharaniT This is the argument I have been proving through my research on Identity Politics in TN ma 'am . Neatly put across .
such a magical voice he had immortal manna dey rip
@SagoonIncorp A5 . Connect - Share -Earn #SagoonPreDussheraContest
whatever shahzaada said during his rally in rajasthan was not understood even by the congress members themselves
@realmadrid look a completely different side in European competition .
You always looking very handsome with the Jersey of Indian Cricket team and Indian Army .
Virat kholi ke bare mai jitna bolo utna kam hai , sare ke sare records tode ga , inshala
Pl go viral for solar power instead nuclear energy .. Save Tamil Nadu
Awesome Khan Salman and papa
Advance happy Diwali bhai just play like this only thing u should concentrate bit more virat bhai . If u continue like this u will be nxt tendulkar
@H0SE0KIE Hahhaha you should go get a snack too
Indian PM in the centre . And the powers r beside him . But jab tak aap sabji ke daam kam nahi karoge ye desh nahi manega ki apme kuch jadoo hai . Eis desh ko to rahul aur kejriwal hi chala sakte hai sir . Aap ke bas ki baat nahi . But the youth of this country is with u . See d comments they r making for u . And as the 65% population of this country is youth , pappu aur khujliwal ko to dikkat hone vali hai . Keep it up sir . We need u . Jai Hind !
Bhut achhe mere bharat maa ke veer saput ab pak ma bhan ek krna hai aap apne balle se
be ready to get fired ! :P
App kithna bhi koshish keejiye Appne """" Rail sadak """" Lambi padi he Ye sbse bada """" Thandas """" Bharathme .
bhai itne me to ek puri movie ki stry khatam ho jati h ...
Pm modi sir and pm putin you r a best leader of the world hi like if to you jai hind jai Bharat
Great work . Everything else will be ready , but strong , vigorous . So thanks a lot . Jai Hind .
@GossiTheDog all systems are prone to failure , but there r people who are made to suffer , esp . workers Execs have a way out #diplomacy
app thik keh rahe sir
MS Dhoni is choose as captain as per recommendation of God Of Cricket He never predict wrong
@iruhmamalik Even while making assignments at college we cross check facts .. . this was so highly unprofessional from Pakistani diplomats 😊
Keerthi ! lets open a NGO together ! toote dil ke marezon ke liye
A very Happy B 'day to great Economist , Reformist , Perfectionist , Humanist , Statesman & former PM #Manmohansingh Ji .
geoooo muslim ha to q ni sport kren gt
Yesterday we lost someone from the Lagaan family .. .. Rajesh Vivek . You will always remain in our hearts Baba . Your spirit , your energy and your love for humanity will always inspire us . Love . a .
@ravishndtv why are you destroying my India .. . do n't you know Karma Is A Bitch .. .
Nice bhi . iam bangladeshi man .
superhero kitna bi powerful ho hote popat hi the ... saale chaddi pants ke upar pehente the .... :-p
My mn is ali
ap jab delhi aye the kise add ke shooting ke liye nizamuddin yard mai tabhe maine apko dekha tha real mai bht ache lag rahe the ap virat bhaya
Loveeeee youuu salman bhai
Sprb pose .. .. Rajni sir king of indian cinema .. . dhoni sir king of Cricket .. . #Thaladhoni #ThalaivarRAJNI
Hahahahaha aby yar mai to virat ko acha player samajta tha ye to lol ho gaya . B.c cutiya ha kiya ye
Salman bhai supper film app ki I love you
Good to see all dressed in Indian traditional outfit .. ..
Are admin tu inna samajhdar h confessor ko samjhajaya ni tune ki agar teri gf ne ye pdh lia to tu agla confession rote rote likhega
Im waiting for u ladakh sir
Super king Du plessis ko out Kia Super king Mohit Sharma ne ! Yuhuu ! :D #IndvsSA
@Gharkibaat @sharadsharma1 Ndtv par kuch nahin dekhna .. ppl are done with this news channel ..
Very nice big bi
Sir salute krte h aap dono ko .. ..
he must be a janitor
@soujbv @MishiChoudhary Thank you for participating Soujanya :)
Darpan Malkan Vinay Dubey , I even read some serious suggestions regarding the new MoodI poster being sexist , what are the view points of people behind the making of that poster ... :)
Hi salman sir wish u a happy frendship day
Why were d peace loving Buddhists forced to take on d terrorists Rohingyas ? All because of unabated Islamic terrorism #RohingyaHinduMassacre
Hahaha pak abhi tak india k samne toss bhi ni jita
HAT BC ye PanOooti mt mara kr re ab dubara mjhe dawai le na pdega
@RanveerOfficial Brilliant .. . you 're the perfect choice ! Wishing you and your team all the very best !
modi vll come n through ur corrupt govt
And blessing all of you and have a peaceful night and bless your hearts and that you keep on going strong in your business and praise the Lord and that you always see new beginning for you always
It 's strange how we still use comparison with boys to show that girls are strong and how we dress them up like boys to show they are strong . When will Raani mukherjee 's mardani will not need a word Mard and when will Aamir 's Dangal not need boyish looks of girls !
Shukria ji .. . many thanks for remembering us .. . warm regards from your fans here in Vancouver , Canada .
all d bst laxmi rani majhi nd love u sallllu
Modi saab , good evening . happy dewali in advance .
Hard
kb tak indian hokr bi girls ki bezti krte rhoge hm .
Virat ji apke to bhut fen ho gye hai ham bhart washi tum ko hi jante hai aap jo jayda run banate hai tiem ke liye achaa yogdan dete rahiye thankyou friend
Chlo ek buddha bakra to halal kia , #shami ne 󾌴󾌴 Go india go ( y ) -raHuL™
Happy birthday sir ji .. .
@taslimanasreen Not until , the so called female intellectuals stop flaunting ' hijab ' and arguing about women freedom at the same time !?
We should also conclude issue of production of fifth generation fighters quickly
Last ball pe six kga ka jitna to India ki aadat ho gyi hai
@LOVEURSELF1001 Hey hv u seen @krk Account .. he is saying clearly dt mahira s shooting wd Rk for dutt biopic !!
Bumrah k sath jo pic uplord kiye the usme humne kaha tha virat ceturi marega .. . or maar diya .. great selute viraat
@narendramodi sir he went to every department in which he could . We also went to your office and house but our letter could n't reach u .
We love u AB sir
Good morning Bilkul sach hai sir
@tehseenp @bwoyblunder @PMOIndia @narendramodi bhai mere office me receptionist ki position khaali hai . kuch kaam nahi to lagwa dun naukri ?
iit delhi fresher 2013 boys ,,,, iim kozhikode and iim ahmedabad mba 1st year boys ,,, iiml 2013 class boys ,,, iimb pgp 2013-15 boys check ur message in '' other '' . dont check message in '' inbox '' , check message only in '' other '' . ' other ' folder is next to '' inbox '' folder ... ;''' ,
@pehps_ Blue
Virat #Kohli is so good in chasing that even if Anushka Sharma tries to run away with Ranbir Kapoor in ADHM , he will catch her .
N I C E
Love u salman bhai ap jeo . Preety zinta k sath bhe ab film kro na bhai
@JamesPearceEcho Wtf .. . mane seriously ?
I request that His excellency the Russian President should communicate in English language so that the interaction with other world leaders would be easy to handle .. .
Priyanka we love you
Np sometime loose is also good its a part of game india gave a headache fite to new zealand unke last do over me galay me agaya tha haha
AreY waH aJ aPkiii pOst diN mai kRdii h .. .. :D .. .. LgTaw h meRi reQ p gOuR kiaw h aPny .. .. :P
5 ho chuki h mrne walon ki sankhya
bhaijaan i need ur help !
@CarryMinati Hey Carry Please Make a video On your new Setup We 'll Love to watch it !
I bet ur uncle appreciated your collection . . Uncles are human too !
Virat bhai kasam se aap bhi local bands ban gye ha edit karke .. .. but u r one men army in cricket
ishwar unki atma ko shanti de aamin
U R right Sir ji
No word to say something .. .. . Bs itna jnti hu I love u dhoni .. .. .
shows complete capability of tackling nations supporting terrorism of which surgical strike in pakistan camp is latest example . now no one knows where it 's nuclear weapons have gone . they are the nation of dogs who only barks but never bites .
@saanandverma bhai- I 💚 everything about u nd ur acting . Hope to see you getting married soon(in #bhabhiG_ghar_par_hain show ) #i_Like_it
@nidhify All thanks to you ! And , Didi 's duas ! @Deewalia
Many many returns of tha day dear sir
My febret leader modi Ji . modi bhakt
great loss may he rip
right sir ek din har kisi ko chale jana hai
U looking so gorgeous . wish that was on my cheek . Ummmahhhhhh
earth quake in amritsar sallu bhai hum tumhari sultan he dekhrye thy Multiplex mai
@miakhalifa11 I love you mia calista khalifa
Good night dear Priyanka . <3 :-) Wishing you a very pleasant and peaceful night full of sweet dreams . <3 :-) Take care , always stay well and try your best to keep all you know , well . <3 :-) Sending you best wishes full of love and joy , of this beautiful night time . :-) <3 God Bless .
Bhai plz sultan ki ticket sasti mt krna
happy Diwali PC . I wish to you and your family . hey cute . I say , god bless you all the time and any where .
Abbe subah subah kya ho gya tujhe admin ??? Ja k chai pi or hme v pine de
I made whatsup group .. . masti zada if any one intrested send men mobile number with country code .
Happy birthday amith ji
Hawas ke pujari shadi ke bad hi kr lyo ye sb phle krega to bad me kya krega
All our best wishes are with you . May Amma shower Her blessings on you !
@Swamy39 But How do we expect the Indian-Right to win when BJP is not interested in removing Govt control over Hindu Temples ??
Hit like if u supporter of BJP & Our Honourable PM Shri . Narendra modi ji .. ..
@MikaSingh Really wish God bless your health @MikaSingh
Achcha kiya Sir painting banaya ekdam sundar Sir
VIRAt sir tusi great ho ek baar aapse milna chahta hu sirf ek baar
Sirji we are lucky to have you as a leader of India ,,,, we are really feel proud when we see you to represent our nation in big occasions ,,,
@realDonaldTrump Outstanding speech at un , sir
Mohit gets Faf and Dhoni smiles . Chepauk le IPL net practice panreengla ?
Apathy of Union Home Minister Our Home Minister Shri Rajnath Singh has time to meet , within short time , producers of Bollywood film to discuss the smooth release of ‘ Ae Dil Hai Mushkil ’ ; but , he has no time , during the last one year , to meet AREWA(AI ) delegation to discuss important issue of ‘ Dual Control ’ that has been effecting the oldest para-military force of the country . The association has been writing to his office for appointment with Home Minister but in vain . This is Indian Democracy ! -General Secretary
@mayorofstarcity Not telling . My lips are sealed .
That speed , that sharpness and accuracy . Such an eye for the goal makes Cristiano Ronaldo the GOAT . #RealMadrid #RMABVB
@Inokam @ReissNelson9 @Arsenal No sh*t Sherlock
@UshyMohanDas Being No 1 has no meaning in this world of corruption .
Oh sad news indeed .. He was great in Lagaan . I have watched Lagaan without any doubt 100 times and always find it amazing . A great loss to Bollywood ..
Salman ji u just mine
Wish you a very happy birthday amitabh ji aap jiyo hazaaro saal
we have lost a melodeous singer
Arbaaz bhai ji nice pic
The Baap of all Games ✌✌
me have gold and silver too .. . gold as sindhu lyk player nd silver earn by her .. .. pround of her . <3
Muje nhi lagta ki ap real ho
